You know that what I do is write for children, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something you fell somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Belchetium.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stewart, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they were beaten to bleeding every week in the boys' bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS . .
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Postem who said,``I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that we never got to meet ourselves.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to join you with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see, we laugh, we laugh, and we realized that she needed to be hostile.
We found it a place, we were interested, and we cared about it, and we ran out of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as a grown-up came to meet me, it became a dinner box, and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphyters that I talked about was made in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today today.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first eardrum.
I was amazed.
My heart failure, I was dizzy, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The iceberg tables around the water, almost 60 feet, and I couldn't think that was a snowflake on another snowflake of snow after year.
The iceberg is born when they get rid of glaciers or break the ice bars.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to turn out and they're clinging to the end, while others can't support it more and in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, which are isolated and lonely, largely as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts water free water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these icebergs as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments, there are, and they won't exist that way.
It's not death when they melt; it's not an end, but a continuation of its path for the cycle of life.
Part of the iceberg of the iceberg that photography is very young -- it's a couple thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in Kerry, Greenland.
It's a little bit often to come up with a rolling iceberg.
Here you do.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the ship has moved to the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a iceberg of Greenland, average size.
It's about the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same moment, each one of them getting a baby . OK.
So two couples each with a baby.
I don't want them to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about it for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joined the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the sperm X is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
They both learn and start life.
We'll come back to them later.
In my ground activity, I'll get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a story for training, and what I study in this case is the way people abstract the anatomy -- to say, of human bodies and animals, how they've considered body fluids, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role that I performance in my work is activist, as patients advocate, or as I say sometimes, impossible advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with symmetrical twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with animals, much lower than average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in male and conventional women.
In general lines, we can call it interactive.
Now, it takes a lot of shapes to it.
I'm going to put some examples in some examples of having a sex that doesn't fit in the male or female forms . .
For example, there's the case of the individual with a chemical basis, which is the Stem Christmas gene, and it tells the prototypes, that we all have in the fetal life, that become testes.
And then in the fetal life, the testes produce testosterone.
But since this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the sensitivity syndrome to the environments.
So, there's high levels of testosterone but no reaction.
As a result, the body develops following a typical feminine course.
When I'm born, the baby looks like a child.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when somebody realizes something's going on.
And then, after doing it, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you might think it's a man, but actually it doesn't.
Women, like men, have something called super-internal glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Supermarket glands produce environments, the hormone of the masculinity.
Most women like me, I consider a typical woman, doesn't know their creature structure; I believe being a typical woman most of the women like me are sensitive to the agents.
We produce environments and we respond to the environments.
As a result, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the environments that the woman was born with, which has the sensitivity syndrome to the agents.
That's why sex is a complicated thing . It's not that the interstellations are in the middle of the spectrum -- somehow they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old guy born and raised as they vary; he had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, he would take a life as a boy and he had just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as congenital enduring hypertension.
It had 20th chromosomes, and in the uterus, the Supreme glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were male, their brain was exposed to the typical moral component.
I was born with a child; nobody suspects anything.
And it was 19 when he started having medical problems caused by the internal menstruation, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of an illustration case.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what's known as objects, which is, they have organic tissue wrapped in testicular tissue.
We don't know what that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they are dwarf, the symmetrical twins, or the images, they become normal surgery, it's not so that they can undermine a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you take a number of surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being female is to have female identity; supposedly being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
Terrifying idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have cartoonist problems.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture that we have.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born like two people within a body.
The fastest case is last year with South African corridor Castle Sey; he was in terms of trial his sex in the Berlin International Games.
Many journalists called to ask me,``What do you take to do to determine whether Jesse Yemen is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a titled line between men and women or between men and intersections and women and intersections; we are who we're carrying that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advances science, the more we have to admit that these categories, that we thought were stable anatomical categories directly with stable identity categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we're going to get in a rough terrain.
Let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we get to the fact that they differ from them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we thrive in science, we're increasingly getting more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all domains of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the fetus of the fetus.
There are very explained discussions today, not in public, but I know within medicine that when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to do with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if it moved still, they didn't.
If I stopped moving, they buried it.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this category explosion could praise someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, defining people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I'm nervous.
I'm going to tell you that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about.
Tenerator from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an adult fervent of the Founding parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find each other looking at that music, and``1776"and not for music, which is totally painful.
It's what happened in 1776 with the Founding parents.
Founding parents were, for me, the first anatomy activists and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers, what our Founding parents were rejected was the idea of monarchy . Mony was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The monarchs of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it was coming to political power for the right of the blood to the father and then to the son, etc.
The Founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomy differences . That was a very radical thing.
And partly they were doing it because they were part of a traded system where two things were being established.
Democracy was being established, and at the same time was born science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the Founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were distinguished from supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power that goes from an idea of birth right.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, talk about nature and nature of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And we were actually transmitting the idea of anatomical cognition.
And by doing that, they were sitting the foundation of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeeded.
Then he came the Civil Rights movement with people in the ranks of Superman Treate, who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men at the Civil Rights Movement, saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, people of color who were dealing with anatomic coincidence about anatomical difference and, again, succeeded.
We see the same with the Disparity Movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidences we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human . .
I don't want to say that we should give up to anatomy.
I don't mean that five years old were allowed to have sex or marry.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two consecutive beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: June 1 , 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of March 1 , 1980.
For the only fact that Mary has been born by three months before Mary is attributed every three months before Henry -- right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because he has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other races in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- -- I haven't told you if it's XGB, in virtue of being considered man now, it's possible for the mandatory housing that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, on its part, has no the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomy categories that are very problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time I feel like science is escapes.
Where do we go?
It seems like what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people stay trapped in a rare position.
So for example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have chromosomes, and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't do chemical tests to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome to the environments.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I'm going to hurt"offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people``not in the color of their skin, but the content of their character ,"going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say,``Yes, the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of your character?
I want to also point out that I'm not sure that I'm not sure we should be based on this to guarantee people right, because I've been able to admit that I know from some people who are going to deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some speakers I know can make more informed, intelligent and mature decisions about their sex than 40 I know.
So how do you put the subject of the content content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me wonders what would happen if the character of a person could in the future will be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still going to guide this string of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to be a sex change, in which case it's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context as a surgeon that I talked about about a couple of years ago that he had made light twins, and then separated them and so he would get his fame back.
But when I asked the phone, I asked the operation to be a very risky operation, and responded to me that in that other country, these kids would be very battered, and therefore I had to.
I said,``Well, has the political asylum instead of surgical separation? ''
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to finish, I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I mean something a little bit radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about group.
For years, since I've been interested in the intelligence, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way we think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the cross-cultural studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
Years ago, when I was in the graduate school, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminism -- I was considered feminist, as I now made a strange plan.
\" Tell me what the feminism has . ''
And I thought,``It's the dumbest question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with reducing gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I've thought about their question, the more it has seemed to me that there's something feminine in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attentive to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, while parents were very attentive to find a way to protect people on the part of the state, it's possible that, from injecting more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect link, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to reconsider how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where they want to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is they're worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world tens, maybe hundreds, new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were owners, and the other half would still be missing to do it.
You could try to increase the ability by doing all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you're facing is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the discomfort and the distribution of building.
So it would be very difficult to do all those scaling.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place facilitate construction rather than put it.
So I proposed that governments create new large enough areas to contain cities, and I gave them a name: cities under stage.
Later I found out that more or less at the same time, JavaScript and eighth were thinking about the challenge of Honduras reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 Honduras would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras went through a displaced constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Peace wolves was improvised with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked Otto to be his chief cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a TEDTalk talk.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and upset all the current approaches of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it needs both technologies to progress, and usually the norms that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to eighth, a link with TED.
I showed him to Jamie.
They called me.
They said,``Let's introduce this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December, we met in Miami, in a conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Look at -- the land that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the TEDTalk video . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low city is a place where you start with clean terrain, a charter that specifies the rules that apply there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go or live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our advanced country.
He asked me to go to Tego-based, and I would talk back to the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, who was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the innovators that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that looks at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applauded countering.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The concrete leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
I have it here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials, that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might be going to be in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away north.
And it also included new options for leaders.
Because the Honduras government leaders would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them set up and get the standards of the status, so that they could all trust that the status effectively turned out.
And we went and we saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily encompass about a thousand square kilometers.
And soon after, on January 19, they voted in Congress to get their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that had just passed through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress for this constitutional amendment was 124 to one.
All the parties, all of the factors in society, they got it back.
In order to include the Constitution, you have to be approved twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was approved again in another vote, from 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting, from 21 to February 24, a delegation of about 30 Honduran honests went to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in cities . .
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that's built in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this interactively, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow administrators to come, and at the same time allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already been committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the last instinct for this new judicial system.
There are urban planners and computers that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know has already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that you want to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they'd like to immediately change another place.
There's one million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family in order to go get a job; sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are even children trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or building a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about to insist so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesse, and this is my worth.
But before showing you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and it is that, I live obsessed with the suits.
I love finding, clothing, and more recently, photographing and publishing in my blog, broken, colorful and different for every single time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of multiple thumbs and secondhand stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my search in the environment and in my wallet.
I'm going to know interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my aspect is unique; and buying becomes my personal search search.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be my talk?
Would I like color?
It costs less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I won.
Going back to my value, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pieces of underwear, and nothing else.
It's an interior clothes for exactly a week is all I've put in my value.
I imagined it would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks for TED in the underwear, that means he found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright tiger . .
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost always see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the whole set, including the jacket, made me 55, and is the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost physiologically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're wearing a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Tuesday: integration is overwhelmed.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time integration.
I just know yourself.
If you're surrounded by the right people, you won't just understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Wednesday, the child who takes inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play deficits, or I remind you of their little seven-year-old.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: Trust is the key.
If you think you're okay with something, it's almost sure you're.
And if you think you don't do well with something, it probably also is true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, you don't look at you.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth six words for you: the golden glasses go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: developing a unique, unique personal style is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I tried over and over again when people were approaching me this week just for what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
This is obviously not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave behind certain things.
I don't need to be emotionally afraid of these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful, brilliant suit waiting, if there's a little love in my heart and I look.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the competence of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of these extremes, but I think for most of the integration of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great appetite in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, as most other experimental physicists, we need quite logical to tell these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Now, some intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in a place at once.
I mean, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they develop it.
I remember watching a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and didn't do it very well, it always fell.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to transparent, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all sorts of really bizarre things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, the physics was found, some years ago, needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't quite fit my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it didn't go well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I'm not the reason why I shouldn't.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why I was a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal period that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit . It's right in the center.
And then here we make a very large approach to the small metal record.
What we see is a little bit of metal little bit of metal, and it's supporting on a platform.
And so I did this almost in the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this horizon with a swimming pilot that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap, but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people come up to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that pushes it and the wind that happens on the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal behaving according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We take the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and we extract all the air, and then we cooled it to a temperature of less than a degree for absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating . And the way I vibrate was like a breath in this way -- like a flu that expands and contract.
And when you give it a soft push, we were able to make it vibrate, and it doesn't vibrate at the same time -- something that just happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a thing vibrate and don't vibrate at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillions of atoms that make that metal piece of metal are still, and at the same time that same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just at certain instant when those are aligned.
In the rest of time, they're disappeared.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, what it is at once means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale of a single atom and that metal period is more or less the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you too??
I mean, it's my logical part that I'm talking about.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was located in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we warmed it, and we turned the lights and looked inside the box, we saw that the metal kept in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator actually are just quantum objects that are simply made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that the quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are . And that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amys.
And 18 months ago I did another work on Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and that allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure, with 17 very interesting nine museums.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide, and this is access.
I grew up in India.
A great education -- I don't complain, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a large team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better to show the demo, and then explain a couple of interesting things that we've been doing from their launch.
So, just: go to Google.
Look around all the museums there.
There's the Afghan gallery, the MoMA, the Thermospare, the Rifabertes, Van Gogh.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, Al Boystic, the art museum in New York.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click, and, bam, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where you're, Bombay or Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Would you want to navigate the museum?
We open the plane up, and, with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hallway.
Keep forwards . ''
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
I'm now in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Cheekons"by Pieter Blue in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign B . .
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata information.
For those of you who are truly interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the Giffording technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10,000 million pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10,000 million pixels? ''
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels.
It can do it very simple.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this boy, his expression has no price.
But if they really wanted to thrive.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I looked a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear], which is to hit an eye with a stick on the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get further deeper and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little perspective, I'm going to leave the picture, so you really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is to come, a second.
So now we quickly jump to MoMA in New York City.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The night star . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintbrush?
What if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It goes up and it does.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the``Star night ,"I think I'd never seen this before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show them.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . . ''
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether you're rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives you the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter, I've created this function that I call``The power of the Love ,"-- we just made a zoo around.
This is``The ambassadors"in the National Gallery in London.
You can save things, send things to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, I hope to make your artwork justice, and that is properly represented online.
And the big question I'm doing today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon everybody.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'll tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting is happening in Formula 1 in the last two decades.
So sometime, if you wanted to win a Furk 1 career, I would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot was good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, is called the control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and a crash.
What's interesting today is that real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics.
They're becoming open-air computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and inducted.
Condencing cities is a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detections and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paola Annoia for the late year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talk Uncle . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
It's sort of like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and actuators.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
It's almost like in Michelangelo's old dream.
You know, when Michelangelo sculpted the Moses, it's told that at the end I took the hammer and threw it down to the Moses -- you can still see a little bottle, and he said,``Excuse me not?"-- why don't you talk?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples; I insist on the idea of capturing the environment and acting something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of Zimbabwe, he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching activity happened in the network.
We see the city here.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Tibet.
It's the morning, before the game.
The timeline is at the top.
On the early afternoon there are people over here and there making calls, moving.
It starts the party: silence.
Ghana of France.
Environment; people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of the regulation time.
First extra time, second.
Zimbaria, in a moment, the head.
Win Italy, yes!!
That night, they were all to celebrate the center.
There you see the great peak.
The next day, everyone went to the center at the meeting of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the picture of the place called Circle Massachuse where, from the time romantic, people are going to celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the summit at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how the pulse's pulse can measure in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things that we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the trash in their shift for the system.
We started with some volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently over a year ago, to label what they were throwing; different kinds of things, as you can see, things that everybody else would throw.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we start tracking it.
This is the results.
From Seattle ...
It's after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many inefficiencies in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist before.
They're happening, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup we throw doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw one day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, East Bright, could tell us much more about detection and many other great things we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Brazil.
It started with a question of the city mayor, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of using water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine you have a cheap and valves, slaves of solenoids, lens that open and shut down.
It's created as a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Bell.
He liked a lot.
And he took a commission to design the building to the entry of the expo.
We call it Digital Water Palestinian.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors, no windows, but when you zoom in, you open up so that you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the overlaps, you lower the roof.
Or the building can be closed and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
There will always be somebody in the winter, when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and said,``We demolish the building . ''
No, it's not that they've been demolished, but when it goes down almost all the architecture disappears.
Here it is.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to not get wet by testing the sensors that open the water.
I think it should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Marshall came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that opens up to let me pass, but a building that kept making cuts and holes of water and you had to jump to not get wet.
( People noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give us our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, water pixels, and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air, and that each had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
This kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play it with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen would appear in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a 3D pixels cloud that you can zoom in, and go through, and see from very different angles.
This is the real Fourth controlled Feyman, going down to form a V, like before . .
When the light turns, it looks like this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Molloy -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the Merchera of New York and Millennium School in Milan to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for the Feyman.
So here we see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolutions.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go down all the way.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Feyman.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as a cloud of clouds like the grain farming, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make them all donate a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time, the Obama campaign showed us, we can go from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think of climate change or CO2 emissions . How do you happen from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see it from below, serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic Games and even more, and can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, as a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital beacon at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with only some changes in your genes, you could improve memory -- for more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be better, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure themselves?
How about living with good health?
Or maybe it's from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience Member: Creativity) Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . It was probably due to the number of creative people present.
That's really good.
How many of you would choose memory?
A few more.
What about physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a subject here at TED Conference, but today I want to give you a doctor's gaze on the subject.
The great 20th century geneticists, T . Bonobos, who also won at the Orchiller Orthodox Church, wrote a test called``Nothing in biology makes sense of the light of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: is it just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean to each other?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well in an extreme, is, of course, the most interest.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval, there's been maybe 20 different species of hominids.
Some of them have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we are very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically insulin, that comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry in the most bacterial gut than the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damasio asks you about algorithm -- think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very cozy.
And we're going to give them all the nutrients that they can do without effort of their part.
It's really like a quick rate for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But for the other, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what would the future do?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, something that's probably better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company; the animal kingdom, as a single and only companies, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went back to college, I had my first class of biology.
It was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to two daughters.
But when multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that goes through the genome, the rest of the body becomes perfect.
In fact, you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes in evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess to you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sexually, sexually, death by sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that I spent, it was getting more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns, who still acted in Las Vegas in their 90s.
And one night someone hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, he finds a magnificent light dancer.
And he looks at it, and he says,``I'm looking for a sex soup.
\" All right ,"he says George,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted you to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted you to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are as a refugee rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next orbit, and then let us fall to the sea.
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen was saying when he said,``I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even the smarter.
Evolution favors the creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the bacteria that you can survive in the heat of the smokers that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked into the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that a cockroach environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we're going back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and in particular, if you look forward, to the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've confronted our environment so that we adapt to ourselves as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated, and we're contributing, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation needed to happen.
A second possibility is that they produce an evolution of traditional, natural, impacted of nature's forces.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution would go away, but they are inexpensively.
And in terms of isolation: when we're a species, we're going to be a different planet, and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing possibility.
The neurological call, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen at the individual and family level.
Think also that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the app?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in their genes?
If you look at the future, that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and seven years.
It costs 2.7 billion dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a close cost to the $20,000 and a week.
I'm not going to take a lot to do the human genome for $1,000 and become increasingly aware of everyone.
These changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe, or there's no experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of tobacco?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just two other small changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change your offspring cells?
What if you could change sperm and eggs, or change the newly fertilized egg, and give your kids a better chance of a healthier life, remove diabetes, remove the hemisphere, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease, is going to allow us to also adopt super-minded super-sector -- better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why don't we have a faster twitch that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions of taking this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we want to have become evolution of before in the negative.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have before.
Are we going to use these choices in a better, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more versatile?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And most profound of all: Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor, clicking, click, click.
click, click, click, click . sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 12th.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistant.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already watched the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot lined the airplane with the Hudson River.
Mostly that's not the route.
He caught the motors.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noises.
And then he said three words.
The three words that I've ever heard of.
He said,``prepare for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to and did not, all the fences that I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have, and I never had.
As I thought about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is,``I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'll open it up.
I don't want to clap anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we were covering the George Washington Bridge, which wasn't a lot -- I thought about,``Wow, I really feel a big weight . ''
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave place to my ego.
And I regret the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
You're not trying to be right anymore; I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to go,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water approaching.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we threw down, I had the feeling of, Whoa, dying is not afraid.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness started in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a much artistic talent, still . And screaming, crying, like a small.
And to me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point, when you connect those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
For above all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I became a miracle, not to die that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility of looking for the future and will go back and live otherwise.
You who are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please don't -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What do you do, you still expect to do because you think they're going to live forever?
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great one that worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graffiti graffiti.
One day he came home after running and said,``Dad, I feel a hot in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today T-Mobile has a total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
Her work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect the art world.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, TED, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and father and I said,``Let's give you this money.
What are they going to do with him? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, isn't you seen Stephen Hawking's not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless someone's important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Anybody see the movie``The Scrapper and the butterfly"movie?
They communicate in that way -- they're running with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I presented myself with just desire to deliver a check, and instead of that I signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover.
I engaged with her brother and his father there at that moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inside can't communicate . ''
So I talked at a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called Grey Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then, with a laser pointer, draw about that and register the negative space.
So they go around making art installations like this.
All the things that appear, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First they start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the Aston attacks, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, after a lot of the organization, the things on the side of one side had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that T-Mobile could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
That was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing; I call him``YouTube ,"because I'm talking to the guy, you get an email of it, and you say,``I don't deserve . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world literally all the corners on the planet to our home.
My wife, kids and I, moved to the back and these hackers and programmers and consultants took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something totally stupid, and that when we came back, they would have removed the frames of walls, and instead there would be graffiti.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the marine walk of Venice, my son was part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called European, and you can see the description.
They're a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought in the marine walk of Venice Beach, some copper wire and Home Depp and Radio Shack.
We took a PSA camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED, and now there's a device that's free -- it builds yourself; we publish the free code down in free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we go back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this bullying and air during the great opening.
And after over a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of its life and is looking through the support system of its life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a projector on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he went back to drawing for the first time in front of his family and friends and will imagine what was the feeling in the parking.
The funny thing was that we had to cut in the parking, so we felt like we're choosing graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I was drawing in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue me and I would get out of there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
That's actually our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were like,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle is that in April this year in the McDonald of MoMA at the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best employees of Brent urban art, Shake Faire, CEOs all are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing that's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the School was nothing possible at a certain time.
Be possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology; I just recognized something and I teamed up with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we meet something we feel like you have to do . If it's not now, when don't, when I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years, in general situations, and at the same time a dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard . .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous.
I filmed in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving into horrific situations with the only goal to try and examine social issues in ways that come to be attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that they're viewed and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands, and the sponsor wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a magazine in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the names of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What was next:``Stage Students Present: My TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and content could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it . ''
But said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a progress in progress, by the way.
So even with that saving knew that someone was going to buy the names of the name.
If you'd asked me a year ago, I couldn't be able to tell them a year.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate me, for something as hard as I'm going into the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Sputnik: I want to make a film that deals with product pollution, marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded with products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call``The largest film ever sold . ''
What happens in``The largest film ever sold"is that all up up at the bottom, at the beginning, has brand images, all the time -- from the autonomy that comes before the title, the X mark.
Now this brand, Qualting Stateman, the Stanford Center.
These people are going to be associated with the film of perpetual -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kansas: It's redundancy . What? (MK: It's redundant .) Perfect, forever?
I'm a redundant person . (MK: I'm just saying .) It was more of the emphasis.
It was``Open . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X brand sponsor on the title, but we're going to make sure we're going to ensure all the categories we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most great shoe you've used.
The most great car that you've been driving in``The largest movie ever sold ,"the best adage that you've been drinking, collective of``The largest film ever sold . ''
Kata Korea: So, the idea is, then besides showing brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (MS: And we actually show the film .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, the whole film, at the beginning.
And I would love that CEOC helps to happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Guy: But I don't know how responsive people will be to that.
TK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to replicate? (David Cohen: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: One and a half million . (DW: All right .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet them, but certainly is going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
MK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out, we see a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Rudelius: Most answers will be``not . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or for being me?
JK: Both.
MS :...it means you're not very optimistic.
So, help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Okay .) Awesome.
MK: We need to think about which brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge -- when you look at the people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places where to go . (MS: Okay .) Turn off the camera.
MS: I thought,``Turn the camera"meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
It takes off the camera means``We don't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS: And that was one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
None of us wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I'm surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought the concept of advertising was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario is not the idea to tell with that new worthy of attention that is going to take the message to the masses?
No, that was what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a grassroots mistake, and that mistake was this.
No, no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for transportation images at Google, this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your knee, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception, easily detected or seen -- easily understandable; it's characterized by the visibility or access of information, especially in business practices -- it's the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president of the name, even the CEOs will name it.
But suddenly when it comes to making it, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that still continues to fix.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is that risky?
Take a whole bowl of Cool White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said,``No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is just looking at me as he used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story . ''
You see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that only because I met John Bond and Richard Birgos from many years, I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to remove the middle and go to business myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk to the companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant movies, and others that make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies, giant people, say that the reason their films are so successful is because of the brands that they have.
And then my friends who do independent movies say,``Well, how are we going to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the film is called``The largest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to see Ben in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my belly, you'll see the Derek Derek.
At any time during an interview with somebody, I can say,``Are you fine for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you out.
Maybe you should put some of this before the interview . ''
And I would offer you one of these fabulous aromas.
So much``Florida Funding"as``winds of Paradise"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man, for women, solid, ball, in bar, whatever.
That's the general look.
I can answer your questions and give you a profitable view.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Similar to the kind of smaller movies that you tell; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that they have other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remember Sanghamitra to people is the reason that we're interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe Ben?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: superior technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits.
Man: We talk about a bold, cool thing.
I think``fresh"is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus``combat the smell and the sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh.
How do we stay fresh, more time? With better freshness, more freshness, three times cooler.
Things like those who restore benefits.
MS: And that's a multimillion-dollar company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man from the street, the people like me, to the common Pepsis.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I will revive the 1980s, panic, unless it's the laundry.
MS: Okay, what is the script?
George: Something unique . (MS: Just) Man: I guess the type of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamour . ''
I like dark colors, a lot of gray and things like that.
Usually I wear accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand might be a classic, Merculan Benesis.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it casual flight.
Woman 2: In a hippie part, in part yogurt, in part of the Boy Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
Seeing toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: Frankling Marchident.
Is that something?
Left: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be a brand Tom, but I often classify in the dark glamour intersection and a casual flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could enter my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality.
And I found a company called Olson Zalash in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nestite, February, Halleven to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Arabia: Transition photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things originate and start in a place, and in my case they originate and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who I'd like to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A: Tell me about``why"-- what is that?
What's the machine? What phase you do now?
Why is it important to reset? What represents red?
Tell me a little about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had?
You don't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster you are?
MS: Hey! (Thank you) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Big job) A: Yes . (( Thank you very much .) All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all of this.
Linda Zawani: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality, brand Morgan Sputnik is a conscious brand.
They're very successful together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
Many companies tend to avoid, and it's human nature to avoid things that are not sure; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit positive and you make something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other marks are you?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can also see here to Target, Wii, Mini of Mini Cooper and Jeela.
Now there are playful brands and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a clinical brand is something pretty powerful.
MS: A clinical brand . What's your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your branding identity, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you an up-sweep attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a descending attribute?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservatives?
All the adult attributes are like being playful as being a playful like the prince, contemporary, adventure, attracted or audacious as an error, fast or agile, profane, dominant, magical or mystic, Genetic.
Or are you more than a descending attribute?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 700?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protector, you identify with Oprah?
Are you trustworthy, stable, familiar, reliable, safe, sacred, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or Dod?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, accidents and descendants, who said,``No ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they would have no control on the end product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neurosurgeon, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain as much for commercial marketing as for film.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned the advertising outdoors.
Throughout the city over the last five years, there are no valleys, there are no posters, there's nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing way in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The incredible thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or where I've been more successful are those I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the performers, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, who will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did they go? Did they succeed?
Well, since the film is in the Fedia Festival, we take a look.
According to Bordeaux, the film will be in January, and since then -- and this is not all of us had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers just a two and a half weeks . .
That's just online -- no press, no TV . .
The film is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in strategic.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all of the agencies we talked about was to tell their clients not to be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, you're pushing it into failure.
I think when you train their employees in the risk of risk, it's preparing all your company to lack rewards.
I feel like what has to happen to progress is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to be afraid of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, move forward, I think we have to give it to fear.
We have to put that bear into a cage.
We embrace fear . We abstract risk.
From a knife at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And in definition, we have to embrace transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk``Open transparency"has been presented by my good friends of BMI, who by $7,500 bought the names of the name in eBay.
EM: It's turning big data into great opportunities for companies around the world.
EM: We abstract transparency.
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those $7,500?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a check for the name of the TED Marine Organization, the Sapling Foundation, a $7.3 check to be applied to my TED care.
The idea behind the Scott computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the University of University in Natasha.
The gray boxes that you see are real control systems.
If we can compromise these systems that control speeds and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we could put an effective Windows virus in a laptop computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stuxnet.
We started with a Windows installed.
The olive goes to the gray box, it damaged the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is demolished -- mission.
It's easy, huh??
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started research on Stuxnet six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex on the Windows part: the installation used multiple department vulnerabilities.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what happened with this.
So, very strange things happened.
Stoppearus was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese: the wave, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experiencing different cheese flavors, I realized, and I thought, this is a direct attack.
It's completely directed . ''
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If no, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, let's say, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We'd better discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we discovered the attack code, and discovered that he was structured in two digital bombs: a small one and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I'll attack.
They probably even know how much it takes the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stalin installed is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above all we've seen before.
Here's a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much the old language language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the system functions, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for technologists and data structures, and we tried to relate them with the real world, with the potential targets of the real world.
We need theories about deserts that we can approve or to disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent cap, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
Basically it boils down to the Bush nuclear power plant and the National English plant.
So I told my assistant,``Give me a list of all the experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
He called them, and he consulted them in an effort for making their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital water with the control of the rotor.
The rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this rotor, you can certainly break it up and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal goal was to make it slow and contribute in an effort to go back crazy to the maintenance engineers, so they could not solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital water looking closely at data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 164 spreads in that code, you can't forget.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centrifuge centers are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and each waterfall contains 160 centrifuge.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack code?
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there was no misunderstanding: it wasn't.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up in water, and we had to go back.
Yet, we discovered that both digital warheads were pointing at one and same goal, but from different angles.
The small olive is taking a waterfall, and by doing the rotors and retrieved them, and the large olive is communicating with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In addition, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We should not worry about other goals being touched by Stuxnet.
Here's some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake input data are pre-recorded by Stuxnet.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security camera feeds in a preparational video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just to drill operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and more aggressive.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine happens, you have to open up scanner valves in a millisecond.
Obviously, this cannot do a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when you're engaged, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And the operations and the security system will notice it.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with centives, with uranium growth.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as an attacker -- that will disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in Stuxnet.
You could also use conventional worms of worms to disseminate it.
It's going to prove it as much as possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is a massive destruction cyber.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences, and we're better at preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it has been public in many sides that people assume that the Moses is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Langley: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay.
My opinion is that the Moses is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There's one single one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for messing . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and give you subsidized skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair wake up and walk back.
In``Berkeley Bionics"we call these robots, exoskeletons.
It's nothing different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a great force, which also increases your speed, and helps you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not an unreal idea.
To show you now what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier that, on average, it must take over its back, a 45-year-old load, and it's demanding to get even more equipment.
Obviously this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic backs.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Hulling -- or Port Cartoons.
Soldier: With the Hulling exoskeleton, I can put 90 pounds on variable land for many hours.
Its flexible design, it allows you to put in links crawling and execute movements with great agility.
You perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Elick Bender: We are ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
We go back now to look at the users of wheelchair, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people about it, in wheelchair, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the backbone that when they start their life -- at the age of 20 , 30 or 40 -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that's grown quickly.
Their only option, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complication -- it's the wheelchair.
And this has been this for the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAM who's using Amanda Lord who was using 199 years ago in the spinal column, and as a result could not walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Botan: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our choices, I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer on the board, on the back.
Also here are a battery that gives the motors in the hips, and on the knees, and they make it move with this very natural and very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing on the bottom, it was paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and all the movement of the pelvis down.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and said,``Amanda, never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole myself to the last piece of hope of my being.
The adaptive technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to be able to get down on the bottom, climb rocks and even ride in hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future generations -- not just soldiers, but to Amanda, and all the wheelchair users, all of them.
AB: Thank you.
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, they practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of Man Armen or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobos of the Congo forests.
Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now chimps are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution.
But bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large, terrifying guys, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence hasn't been observed.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the great apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese forest, and it's been very difficult to study.
Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary biodiversity land and beauty, but also the heart of the subjective itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been raped by decades and caused almost as many deaths as World War II.
No wonder that this destruction also puts the Bonobo survival.
The trade of hunting meat and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the laughter by making the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes``make love, not war ,"because they have sex, promiscuous and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
Now, I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because Bonobo's life is more than the James Turkey.
Bonobos, like the humans, they love playing throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a kid.
For us, and for them, game is fundamental to establish links and to foster tolerance.
With him, we learn how to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavioral diversity, connections of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots itself of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a Bonobo style game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a chase.
Look what it's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase:``I've got it from the balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common both in bonobos as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting, because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into the game like the testes, and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
Play is political, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is required.
And I want you to see -- this is Fukushima, a young female, who's playing with water.
I think, like, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us about our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more and more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our comfort of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage our ability to play?
Play is not frivolous.
Play is essential.
For bonobos and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it looks at the least appropriate play, they can be the moments when the most urgent thing.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscovered creativity, friendship and awe.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fires like captain assistant in a volunteer of volunteers.
And in our city, where volunteers combine a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But there was still a race to foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found captain, I was angry in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, in straw, shot, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteers that I had just arrived before I was, we called Alex Luther came first to the captain, and he asked her to go in and save the dog's owner.
The dog!! I was so jealous.
There was a lawyer or a gesture of money that, for the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a building in a call to save a live living only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next.
captain made me an addition.
He said,``Benefie, I need to be in the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, bring it to this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway, I went to the actual firemen, which at that height sort of had finished off the fire and entered the main room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back to the staircase where I met my Niests and the precious dog in the main door.
We pulled out the house the treasures for the owner of home where, as it was waiting, his treasure received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the owner's owner, thanking for the extra effort shown to save her house.
The kindness that she saw for the other was that someone had reached it even a couple of shoes.
So much in my vocation in Robin Hood, as my vocation as a volunteer fireman I am witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they're to achieve, remarkable levels of success would like to remind me of this: Don't wait.
Don't wait to win the first million to make a difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give, do it now.
They serve food in a dining, clean a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So you train the game; you save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great admirer of concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1968 with a very simple idea: computer modules of a fixed measure that they fit with each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build bigger things that we, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO came up with this.
It was called the automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, the LIGO bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell Labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks, piled each other into a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Litana.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little artists are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing is that they bond through magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a code of colors.
Green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green, and very quickly you can start doing bigger circuits.
A blue blue is producing light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse module, it's here, and now we have an inner light.
We added this doorbell to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple game, Litarans are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and solar, Literature allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
In order to get faster or slower, you simply turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Litarana is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to reduce ready to use.
Lucas, sounds, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given Litan Little children to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that's not learning in schools.
For example, how a light at night works, or why the door of a elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also led to the design schools.
So, for example, designers without any experience in electronics start playing with literature as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and filter, we have George creating ...
( Mechanical sound) A few weeks ago, we brought Little Island designers a few weeks ago, who don't have any experience in engineering, only in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said,``Do something . .
Here's an example of a project that they've done, an active conference cannon.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a language made of Play-Doh that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Litons became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the fingertips of everyone.
So, Littman has open source.
The website can be visited, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for us to engage with the environment.
The collaboration is distributed.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait for a moment.
You can get a little bit off.
We can -- we can continue the video on a side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I've already got the time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to stop; we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Court for America ,"and it would be like some peace bodies for technologists.
We selected a few members every year, and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we sent them the mulling world.
They made great applications; they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Allah.
He's a hydrogen from the city of Boston.
Here's how if I looked for a quote, but what I'm really looking for is that somebody cleans it when it's caught by snow because it knows it's not very good for fires when it's covered for a meter of snow.
How did it come to help in this particular way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of Korea for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I went long last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrogens.
But one of the members named Erik Mexico noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with sticks in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice app where a hydrant can be adopted.
You accept it when you're snow.
When you do that, you put a name in, in this case, in this case.
If you don't, someone can rotate it.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no government technology does.
And they spread in viral form.
A responsible of Honor City systems when he saw this application realized that he could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt symptoms of tsunami.
It's very important that these tsunami Sirens work, but people steal the batteries.
So it asks the citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to waste off the taken disasters.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when it's snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction, organically and natural.
If you know a little bit about government technology, you know this doesn't happen normally.
Software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had been done by the normal channels would have taken at least two years and spent about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that even time has spent two billion dollars, and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an application that was programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of train of warning to government institution.
It suggests the best ways of working, not like private companies, as many people think it should be.
It's not like a technological company, but rather than the Internet itself.
I mean, no restrictions, open and generative.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way the government's question has, not as a problem of an inclusive institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Code for America, but there are hundreds of people across the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They have not been given by granted with the government.
They feel a great frustration for that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And it's that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line in the DVD, and all those other things that put us crazy, the government is essentially in words of Tim Orchiel:``what we do together because we can't . ''
Now, many people have left government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to reconsider it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; government does.
And given that the government ultimately emanate of us -- remember that of``us, the people ,"the way that we think about it will affect the way we can produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as many people thought that the government was in choosing people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that government is, above all, cardiologists.
This is the phone care center of services and information.
It's the place that looks at the calls if you mark 31 in America.
Scott attacked this call.
I joined``Zark"at the official knowledge base.
I didn't find anything . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open the door door, put the music right and see if it's going? ''
And it worked . So for Scott.
But that was not the end of the gorillas.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It's got an app, web and mobile, called Citizens Connecticut.
We didn't program that app.
It was the work of very intelligent people at the New Mechanical Office of Boston.
One day, this happened really, it comes up:``Zavagart in my trash cube . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to take it out? ''
The Ditching Citizens dynamics is different.
Scott was talking to people.
In Citizens Connecticut, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said,``I came up to the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Zoring? Yes . alive? Yes.
I went home . I went home.
Good evening, sweet swimming . . ''
Quite simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to self-organize and help others.
So, one citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
It connected two people.
And I could have connected them with the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the input of the other.
That our entry system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we expect government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the super-million surface layer.
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt that keeps us from that, which belongs to us that we finance as something that works in our against, that other thing, and we are missing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Ocean-South movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed , 325 pages in response to the order of the financial reform.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resigned to the government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't afford government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology it's possible to rethink the root of government so that it can expand to strengthen civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act, you only have to articulate the systems in the right shape.
The average age of our members is 28 years, so I, to repeated, am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk; they're all going to talk . .
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when they face the government problem, they don't care a lot about making their voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the work better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning up a hydrant, taking weeds, dumping a garbage cube that has a vase inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and lots of people doing it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we are not only consumers, we are not only government consumers that pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that: We're citizens . .
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and on death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And to be here at TED seeing and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that you say here have impact around the world.
Sometimes, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
We've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that a teacher's words may make a lot of sense, but if they're taught feeling, they can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I think it's charitable, it can get a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional home of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as he was looking at the world.
She was hard, but he was also loving.
When I was a little girl and looked at her, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I would come up.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at him, came up to me and said,``Brian, do you still feel my hug? ''
And if I told him that no, he grabs me again and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
It had this human quality that would always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was under 10.
Sometimes, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture their time and their attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went to the room and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 , 20 minutes, she got up, went down the room, took me in my hand and said,``Come Brand . We're going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said,``Brend, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mom . ''
She said,``Now let me don't do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, looked at me and said,``I want you to be watching you . ''
And I added,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want to promise you three things, Brazil . ''
I said,``Sure, Mama . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to promise me is that you always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my kid, and you have to promise me to always care . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yeah, Mom, I'll do it . ''
Then he said,``The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing, even though the right thing is . ''
I thought, and I said,``Yeah, Mom . So I'll do it . ''
Then he finally said,``The third thing I want you to promise me is that you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yeah, Mom, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South . I have a brother a year old and a sister a year younger.
When I was 14, my brother came home with a package of six beers, I don't know where I pulled them, grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We're just doing the madness.
He took a beer sip, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . You're fine . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on . I do it today . And you always do the same thing as we.
I took something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I wouldn't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens? Take a beer . ''
And he looked at me with strength and he said,``Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mom . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all of the grandchildren who are special . ''
I was exhausted.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I'm not saying that it's a virtue; I say it for the power that identity has.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others who really don't see sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been imprisoned during the ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to commit ourselves.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in probation.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, you find so much waste, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One of three blacks between 18 and 30 years is in prison or in probation.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the color young people in prison or in probation.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that's far better if you're rich and guilty, than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, but wealth.
And it seems to feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting to me.
We're looking at our work in some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you give you a lot of rights for always if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of rights is going to be as high as it was before they passed the law on the right.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
A lot of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where they meet 13 years old to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for children, no possibility to go ever.
We are in a process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
I represent people on death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
And in some sense, they've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for committed crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed, one that is innocent that is exhausted and liberated from death row.
A rate of error, amazing, an innocent in nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it would never allow any planes to be allowed, if in every nine you would take off, you would have to stress.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being swollen.
They worried to be bombed.
The threat of terror was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who are approaching me, and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you're going to say talk, make speeches . Give the people to stop saying that in our history we've first done with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . I say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism continued, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic where we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about races . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real process and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial security without a compromise with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know it's good to hear what you say . ''
He said,``We have no death row in Germany.
We'll never naturally have it here . ''
The room stayed in silence and a lady said,``No way for our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we would run to execute people . ''
Just think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would execute people, especially if they were in their most Jews?
We could not tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we actually don't care about these hard issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, implicated.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology . We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are shadowed by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginalized.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We talk lately about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the plates, the ones that will never get to TED.
To think about them is, in a way, something that is within our self.
We have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so engaged with the intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity . development comes not only about brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas as well as heart conventions.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us not only in the brilliant and delusional, but also dark and difficult.
Vaccius Han, the great Czech leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we wanted all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, guidance for spirit, a will for being in places of despair and being witnesses . ''
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I believe, even in communities like TED, has to engage.
There is no disconnect with technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts constitutes a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them back.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women gather just to speak.
Occasionally, Mrs. Carrie called me, to say,``Brian, he comes to Mrs. Parks . We're going to gather to speak.
Do you want to come and hear? ''
I said,``Be lady . I want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
And I said,``Listen to them . ''
So I went and just listened to them.
It was very vigentable, very illuminating.
And in one occasion I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks came to me and said,``Now, Brazil, I say that's the idea of equality equality.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been wrongfully convicted.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with life sentences, without parole for children.
We try to do something about death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end up with massive incarceration . ''
I gave him all my best speech, and then he looked at me and said,``Hmm mmm mmm . ''
And I added,``You'll end up exhausted, very exhausted . . ''
At that point, Ms. Carrie got tilt, he put his finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is superior to the worst thing we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a thief.
Even if someone else kills another one, it's not a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's how it isn't.
I really think that in many parts, the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very illuminating, very stimulating, we will not be judged by our technology, by our designs, or our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end, they judge the character of a society, not by the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but by the way they treat poor, condemned, prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I'm just self-discipline . I'm going to finish with a story.
I sometimes make too much force.
It's tired, like everybody . .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of hard.
I go to jail, and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been hacked to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what it isn't?
The judge took it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night too late, I was awake thinking -- for God, if the judge can become something you're not, it must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a motivation.
He had a 14-year-old client, a small, poor, black.
I started working on the motivation, with a puzzle that said,``Mozart so my 14 year-old black customer is treated as a 75-year-old privileged white background . ''
In the motivation, I found that there had been independent behavior in the accusation, in police behavior and in the process.
There was a line attached to how in this country there is no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking that would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had it done it, but I had sent it to the court.
They spent about two months, I'd forgotten it.
And finally I decided -- oh God, I have to go to court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car and I felt truly overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went on the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and great.
I finally got out of the car.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a larger black man; it was the judge of judgment.
When he saw me, she came to me and he said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He replied,``Are you?"I said yes.
And so I got approached and it opened.
And I whispered in my ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was victimentarial.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I walked into the audience room.
As I walked into, the judge saw me.
He said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this little bit of motion? ''
I said,``Yeah, Mr. I was ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those nuts.
They arrived the policemen, the assistants, the autistic persuasions.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all furious because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the robot of the eye caught to see the consensus he went and came.
I would look out the window and hit the whole scream.
I kept walking on here and there.
Finally, this old black, with face of concern, entered the room and sat behind me, almost on the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decreed a recession.
During the destruction, a cliff of the algae was shown, because the concierge had entered the room.
The assistant was abandoned about the old black black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and he said,``I entered this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view on the goal . ''
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to drug, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that you keep your view in the goal.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BC: There's several nearby opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which an effort will be done to restore the funds that are spent today in punishment policies.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars on death row, over the next five years . billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't include arrest.
56 percent of rapes do nothing.
Here's a chance of change.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds are going to make it happen, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in the U.S. crime in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the greatest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that's like this?
BC: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase emerges in the prison population.
And we let ourselves convince the punishment rhetoric.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain -- steal a bicycle, for small crimes against property, rather than making those resources back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
I think that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brazil, you've been excited today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats for the death of Bin Laden.
Local 2: famine in Somalia . #3: Police transmits O.C . spray.
Announcer 4: Despers fired . Lock 5: More Crows.
Local 6: Social December . 9 : 65 dead.
Announcer 8: The tsunami alert . 9: Cybreaks.
Several rules: War II, mass destruction . Torture.
recession . Beam.
Crisis . Thank you . Death.
Oh, my God!!!!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they might be very much for the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing cares more than survive, the first stop of all that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called a amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Ordinary and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So a dozen stories will prefer to look at negative.
And that old adage of the press:``If there's blood, sell ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices provide negative news for seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're pessimistic.
You don't surprise that people think that the world goes from wrong.
But maybe it doesn't.
Maybe, instead what happens is that we get distortion.
Perhaps the enormous progress made in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; we certainly have them.
As human beings, we are very good at looking at problems, and, in the long hand, we end up with them.
So we analyzed the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubled, average income per capita per capita, has tripled all over the world.
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that world literacy spent 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget.
And we keep getting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it today in America today, much of the people living under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile, air conditioning and cars.
The sea gangsters of the past century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Support a lot of this is technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that stops in information technology jumps on this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the price performance in about 12 to 24 months . .
That's why the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a second year supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law over the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression and in the rise.
It's the resulting of rapid computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before none of the big challenges.
And although it's graduated in a law on the left, it's curved goes up.
The growth rate of technology is itself faster and faster.
And in this curve, in Moore's Law, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computation in the cloud, which my friends in Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distributed personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, Nations and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Washington of Watson, from IBM?
It was epic.
I looked for the newspapers the best headline.
And I loved this:``Watson beat human opponents . ''
Jewish is not an easy game.
It plays with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everybody in the mobile.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singularity University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every inhabitant of the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce and making it plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon III in the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited to dinner the king of symmetry.
The Napoleon troops ate with cold covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold covers.
But the king of symmetry ate aluminum covered.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's more than gold and platinum.
That's why the tip of Mount to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is 8.3 percent of the mass on Earth, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and selections.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum so cheap that we use it as if it was disablers.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are on a planet based on 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 energy terawatts every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about access.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the deception of diesel : 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents per pound per hour compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have energy abundance, we have water abundance.
Let's talk about wars now by water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager Space spacecraft to Earth, in 1990, after Saturn?
I took a famous picture . How was it called?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes , 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for 0.5 percent of the planet's water, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nanomaterials.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators's innovators -- I'd like to share with you, gave me permission to do it -- his technology called Slinky, you know, the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water on the day of any saltwater salt water, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents.
The president of Coke just agreed to do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I have a full confidence that that's going to be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 20 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation powered by this technology today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya that President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that no one could have predicted.
It's better than that, the things that you and I have paid for tens and hundreds of thousands of GPS dollars, video HD, images, books, books and music, medical diagnostic technology now are demoralized and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best comes when you get health apps.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Champage Foundation something called the X Qualti Trade Prize , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has AI, they can hold, they can get blood from the finger.
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the morbidity burden is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA that I don't recognize, I'll call the health care and, first of all, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion growing.
The white lines here are the population.
We've just spent seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, switching from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before they add to global conversation.
What do these people want?
What do you use? What do you want?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will raise more health thanks to the Traffic, from a better education with Academy Khan, because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy educated and productive?
How about some voices never heard?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What will these three billion?
What if you are contributions we can't predict?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things; things that you previously could do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end by sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Fulladoshom.
He emerged at Washington University, Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
They determine the structure and functionality.
It's very important about medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with these college professors, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people came together and started playing it.
And it's shown that the human pattern recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the brain.
We have the computer capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of great challenges and do what we should do.
We have an extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the driving point of departure.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'm going to give you three examples for doing time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 184.
You may believe that I'm paying penguins, but it didn't.
He actually picks fish.
And I described one of them as very``common . ''
It was the grouper.
I fished it so much to the 1880s.
Now the fish is on the Red List of IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, on Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is, we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The leaflets still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
Second story, also illustrates another concept: the displacement of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971, studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by pills, and as you can see, some mangroves.
There were talks about 20 centimeters, black beard tilapia.
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant, and it went through a good moment, so it was earning more than the average in Ghana.
When I was 27 years later, the amount of fish had halved half.
They drove the five centimeters . .
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
No, nothing to change, but it's all changed.
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of trawling fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s, Europe, a lot of development projects.
The fishing development knew to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, rather ugly, was called the Muranian 4.
I went out fishing on him, and we did studies in southern China's Sea, and, especially in the Java Sea.
So what we captured there was something inexpensive.
We captured, now I know, the sea floor.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny spots about remains, remains that are fish reef fish.
In short, the sea floor came to the deck, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then starts the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid background of soft coral, in this case, to be a fold.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them.
We once captured a living.
I was still not drowning.
They wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you collect fishermen every time you go to an area where you've never fished.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of departure, at the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something like this happens.
On the Y-axis we have good things: biodiversity, lots of Orcas, the summer of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of their conscious life as normal and extract forward.
The difference is they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the suffering of change.
And at the end, keeping some miserable remains.
And that, largely, is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a generation later.
Because obviously, an animal that's very abundant, before we extinct, is very often.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose a little bit frequent animals.
Even if this isn't perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a singing sea of great fish.
They become short, because we fished them.
And over time, they have a few fish, but we think that's the stop point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you are presenting, like you're Captain, and I looked at a lot of fish in this area can't be used or usually not using fishing scientists, because it's not``science . ''
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in instructed societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with the marine protected areas, we really recreated the past.
We're going to get the past that people can't conceive because the point of departure has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their departure.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West people, for example?
I think that the arts and the cinema may fill the vacuum . The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chesapeake Bay.
A lot of time ago there were gray whales in the Chesapeake Bay; 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the nuances and the trends are like``Avatar . . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people moved with the film -- not talking about the history of Poopless why to move with images?
Because I evoke something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cameron, to make``Avatar II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin Albert, the YouTube trend manager, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos are made viral and how important that is.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a sanctity.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute.
And, of those, just a small percentage is made viral, gets a little bit viral, and it gains cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, training communities and surprise factor.
Well, let's start.
Beau Valentine: Oh my God, my God.
My God!
Wow .!
Oh, wow!!!!
KA: Last year, Ben Voice published this film outside his house in the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction of the population of the past summer.
Bear doesn't propose to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Yose Mountain Bear . .
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video was published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmel.
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that caught the video to popularity.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmel presents us new and interesting things, and they give them a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . You've got to start Friday . Everybody wants to get the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday, starting Friday . KA: You won't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like``arc rainbow ,"this video seemed to have emerged out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, the Tosms took, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from History Science Theater, was one of the first people to do a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trend creators embrace a viewpoint and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about it and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 paradox of``Friday"on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a spoof for each other day.
Unlike the University entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by spreading it or doing something new with that.
Now,``Don Cat"is a repeat animation with a made.
That's what it is.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know there's a three hours version that's been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet community.
There were references.
Someone made a version of the old.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, it came up a whole community of remix that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we can all form.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted double rainbow or Rebecca Black or``Don Cat"?
What did you script could have written that I'm contemplating this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video for minute, just that truly unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a kind that protest against the circumstances in New York City, I admit that I didn't care too much.
Casey Rossi: I was driven by not circular by the bike bike, but there are often obstacles that prevent you properly for the bike . .
KA: Thanks to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Niem got five million saw and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth for all of the new things we do.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Ben Vasar: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
Transformation creators, creative communities of participation, totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, a new culture, that we all have access to the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're just the current media, but they're going to define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still assembling.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a lifetime.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communist enters in Saudi, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so many friends, are now beaten.
It became silence.
He died broke by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget her story.
My task was not to let that be in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to blow up, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you're going to simulate down silently towards sea.
My mother, Mau, was only 18 years old when his father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task: his family's escape and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that he couldn't do it.
And then after a four years, that challenges fiction, a boat is sliding into the disguised sea vessel.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirates, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a jar with poison.
If we were caught, first of all, my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the point diving on every wave, and the vast and a empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't be able to pluck for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finished the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we found in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations shaping a new life together.
We become Protocol, a working-class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in Portualty, had no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the elaborate English fragments were exchanged between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found English to study English and get a title on IT.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tutoring in English and math, no matter what you should take, which was generally new clothes; it was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes from the other.
A school uniform to the ankles, because he had to last six years.
And there were weird singing singing and parallel eyes and some graffiti:``Asian, go home . ''
So, where?
Something in me is hardened.
And I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to overcome them . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmare, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares began to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then studied to be a stadium and opened up another business.
And women were coming with their stories about men who could not do the transition, angry and unhappy, and the trained kids trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and sponsors.
centers are created.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implicit with what sued myself from myself.
In the other hand, I was buried in precarious lives, tragically failed by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected the young Australian year.
And I was squared from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So Leo, an anonymous Prosperphant, was now so refused, refugee and social activist, invited to talk in sites that I'd never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retreat the routines and the comfort of life in a suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, sitting on each one of them, sitting on each one and getting asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I said to my mom who could not do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we got up to the boat.
The``no"had never been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``You don't be what you don't . ''
So I talked about juvenile and education and decline to outcasts and destroyed them.
And the more frankly I spoke, the more I was asked to speak.
I met people from all the roads of life, many of them doing what they loved, living on the border of the possible.
And although I finished my bachelor, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newcomers arrived, new on the scene -- and not just it's okay, but it's something that's going to be grateful, maybe a gift of the ship.
Because being inside can easily mean collapsing the horizons, it can easily mean accepting your province.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is demoralized, but not the way we fear.
They weren't allowed to have been allowed tremendously.
There was an energy there, an important optimism, a rare mixture of humility and courage.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a little group of people for whom the motto``can't do it"was an irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, he made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a single trip.
My hunch again.
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time where the Confusion was social norm and the local Mandarin was the person that mattered.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17 became aware of a Mandarin whose mother was beaten.
With no support of her husband, he caused a return to sue and take the cause herself, and much more gradually, she won when he won.
You can't have shown to be wrong.
He was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died, about 1,000 miles in Melbourne.
I looked through the shadow of the shower and saw her standing on the other side.
I knew he had come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Portualty and sat around their casket.
We told her stories and we made sure we were still with her.
At night, a monk came to us and said he had to close the casket.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monk,``Why are your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you have taken your hand from tomorrow ,"he said.
\" You haven't solved it . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have gotten easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the ship.
Who might wish that for itself?
However, I fear the privilege of how easy, the right.
Can I give you a property in your lives, diving courageous on each wave, the progressive pace of the engine, the vast horizon that you don't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see them safe, I would.
Three Neirospaces and also the mother of so is today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi singer Mahatza Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the old Indian epic,``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days, when the Indians wanted to travel to a car and we ran the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Angelin, the great Indian warrior, he was thirsty, he took an arch and with a arrow on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with workshops and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that makes me very sad.
I felt a little bit more technological.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed like technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pocket silver clock.
And this technology piece of 50 was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and natures in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent.
They have our inspiration.
That's why I launched, I went to this technology world to see how to use magic, instead of killing it.
illustrating books since age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
And where we are.
Add the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multi-looking.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
It says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to ..."I write my name.
And so I get a character in the book.
In several moments, I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live on GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but that magic of childhood, those ideas that we've built from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, illuminate your way into the book.
Another idea that fascinated me as a child was that a whole galaxy would be in a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ball that I dragged into this magical device, within the device.
And this opens a map.
In every fantasy book, there's always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, flow and guide for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals.
I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and as contemporary.
These are the posters.
We've all heard about the fairies and the grandchildren, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, would you take them?
These poor passengers have been stuck in the Indian cameras for millennia, in an old and helmet.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals today's issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems over the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked, glued to their PCs, they haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: sticks, stones, garbage and shells.
For some reason, kids don't.
So to recover this childhood ritual, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that you then can put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox today . ''
A child in India says,``Today I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken.
Inside the variations of the magic, the Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video turned on, and through augmented reality, you see a group of animated teeth that appear on the inside plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and support them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology is close to each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of petrol projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stopped listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University of Radio University was to get rid of a listening director.
And not in a very scientific way, she put a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known, what happens? ''
\" How can we help it??
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is a video Wi-Fi . That's very simple.
And it's got a paddle.
I got up every morning.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, every time I connect, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time that he needs cardiac assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi sculptor, and before I go up to my car, people start to talk to me: Lucifer, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's the pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
We're next week to be available.
This little bumblebee connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send their doctor and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is where patients assume a position, they will recover control and be captains of their own boat, but we can also help care of health care because of the challenges that we face, as the cost of the costs of medicine care, demand doubled and other issues.
It's making techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like these, but also by corruption.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where ATMs are at Maharashma.
Also where all the gas gas is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest D.C. to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where to get the DSM to get lives right now.
What we did was we made a corruption in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to: if you see a DEA, please send it, give them where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DESA already was presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lab, augmented reality, to find these DSC. .
And every time you're in the Michael City and somebody collapses, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks you'll use your Microsoft cell to find the nearest DSM, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this, not just like DSM, which is the name of the product, but also as DMRA.
And we'd like to start that globally.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the corruption of the DSM around the world.
Every time you're on vacation and someone collapses, you can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DSC. .
They could be messaging services or phone people, for example, to see if the DSM is still in place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it a photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that cannot take their cameras.
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15.
He mixed with my previous passion by drawing, but it was a little bit different because by using the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press the pulse.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place at the right time.
It seemed like anyone could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start when you press the pulse.
Photos like this: a construction on a very translucent road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite that, it keeps a level of realism.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful, but with the common goal of maintaining the real level.
And when I say realism, I say photographic.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors?
Do you intervene the light?
What does illusion create?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But at the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here's three perfectly imaginable objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in some way can create something that seems three-dimensional, as if there's.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So, we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't really accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It's really to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic, I think they are those ones we don't even think about; the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But when you combine photographs, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will follow to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images do with these requirements; they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is composed.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal, I think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle parts.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing trip.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone pump.
And yes, I even made the house red to the top of the island so it would seem more Swedish.
So, to get a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here, each piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the photos, the result can be very beautiful and very realistic.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'm going to start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it ...
It's a diagram that I took from a folder of mine.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microprocessors versus the power of local areas networks.
What's interesting about this is that this, like many others we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Talk about technology with sexual curves is a novel thing.
Something bizarre happens here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we take technology curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is, if I would draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to plot, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if graph, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a semi-read curve would be very silly, we would see a straight line.
But if something happens like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as the microprocessors, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rate.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a given growth that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to ask is -- look at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things will happen.
Or it's going to become a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
It's going to be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new form.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is that new way that I embrace the world?
What are the world going to do?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember as a child, the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it . We can feel it.
And we know it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years old, because it's all going to be so different than to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how could that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way those chemicals organized us, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA, and I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that moment, I had just floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemicals inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate the outside materials, and so they grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive mobile forms; those oil droplet.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide, they were going to take a distant distribution of the chemicals that they count.
So every leak was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow they were difficult to be better at incorporating chemicals, they grew up more, they get more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemistry, very simple, but things were interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
Somehow we don't understand these droplets, so that they learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were in order to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that system of writing seems to have remained stable since 2.5 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living being expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100, white dust, I try to hide the security people in the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA, and I amplified it 10 at 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a Egypt, I would have put it in a virus, and I'd spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy for another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things were very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information by forming the cell communities.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and supported them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant residents because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place communities that, in a way, were together on that, and they set up a synergy.
And so they survived or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community would be replicated, and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so close that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next stage, interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart of the skin, or the muscle, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to abstract information.
and to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the structures responsible to record, understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because I knew bad and was sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism given that they had before built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built these information structures enormously accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
So if you think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few groups and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confused, in their heads that saved certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we converted it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started doing abstractions.
So now we go through similar periods to multicellular organisms; we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a small step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer, the video tape, the CMU, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before . .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary component of yours in which it produced a certain evolution with the program Constitute, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The following, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the following, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is feedback; I suppose that authority is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we looked at in this curve of the curve.
We see the process feedback.
But I make my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers from Then Machine Machines, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't before, comes far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it works methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from random instructions.
We say,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions, execute all those programs, and take those that are more approximate to what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely for random instructions of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could get two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that did the task?
Let's look at those and eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the best numbers.
And we're going back to them by following a process of analogy to sex . ''
Let's take two programs, turn children, who are subsidized, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs that are produced from the combinations of programs that had a little more successful.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
qualify again.
It introduces some mutations.
And I'm trying again and with another generation.
Well, each generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we end up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, it's a much more efficient program than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark, weird programs.
But let's take the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depended on doing it.
I was on a 747 with Mark Minsky, and he took a card and he says,``Look at this.
It says,``This plane has hundreds of thousands of partners that work together to provide safe flight .' don't you make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to do very different design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, so we can execute these programs much faster.
I mean, it feeds.
The thing is getting faster and so I think it seems so confused.
Because all of these technologies are feedback.
We're taking off.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organism when they became multicellular.
We're the amoebas, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant in our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we're all part of the creation of whatever come.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before I got eliminated.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that must change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been running enough time to allow you to make part of my fake prestige in that.
Before I treat my talk, we talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're near the end, it's about the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to go out``Breaking rules"-- talking about statistics and using it to form a great baseball team.
I'm focusing on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300, from a bacterium that's 300.
That means that the battery baseball effectively, three of 10 times . .
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught, and anybody who tries to launch it at the first base, don't get in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts.
Do you know how they call a 300 U.S. batsman in the Great League??
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400 baseball baseball?
By the way, that's somebody who's 10 beats, right now four.
Lego-common -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Big League of baseball to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'll tell you today.
Suppose you have appendicitis and you're derivatives to a surgeon that has a 400 record in applications.
So it doesn't work, right??
Now suppose that they live in a remote place, and a dear being loved has two overwhelmed coronary arteries and their family doctor gives it to a cardiologist whose record in an angiogenesis is 200.
But you know something?
She's improving this year.
And their actions have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart or a prosthetic surgeon, a nurse or a genetic obstacle?
A thousand, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in the whole medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, however, is to send them into the world, and it included, with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever, make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was an observational student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied until a blood exam.
Such.
I studied in my little break, in the Bureau of General Hospital nurses, not far from here.
And I learned all about memory.
From my class of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the aorta, the differential differential diagnosis and not.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify kidney tune.
And as much as they accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I went very well; I graduated with honor.
And you get from medical school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I would know everything, or as much as possible, close to everything, because that's how I was involved with mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Dragon lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto when they brought the Drug lady to the emergency service where I worked.
At the time I was assigned to the cardiac service.
And when the emergency requested to go to a cardiologist, I played to go to that patient.
It will inform the chief of residents.
When I saw Mr. Drug, I was random.
I heard a flash sound.
And when I blame it, I listened to a broken sound on both sides, which gave me a congestive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did, and I got to work on the treatment I would give.
He gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
He gave him diversity, water pills, so that he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I made the first mistake; I sent her home.
It made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief resident.
I didn't raise the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and tell him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to contribute complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident who required constant attention.
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to care about the Drug lady,``Do you think it's okay if you go to your house? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it's going to be okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the ambulance was taken into their house.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my work.
At the end of the day, I packed up to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where I was my car to go home, and I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the road emergency service home.
And there's another nurse, not which I cared about Mr. Drug before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear.
The other specialists are also afraid, but there's a particle in ecology, and we see the patients strongly.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
Do you remember the patient who sent home? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well, she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the death edge.
Within an hour of having arrived at home, after I gave the high one, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911; the ambulance brought it into emergencies with an artificial pressure of 50 feet of Hi, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was confusing and scared to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after they stabilize her, he was in intensive therapy and waiting for all the hope he would recover.
And in the next two or three next days, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family got together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go . Mrs. Kruger, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they're never forgotten the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I was punished for it and experienced for the first time the embarrassment that exists in our medical culture and felt just, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the pages and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The malaria shame that I talk about is what makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that that we did wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't because of my boss; he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I would suspect things and make sure that I wasn't sued.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why don't I ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, why made a mistake so silly?
Why did I choose medicine?
Little by little that feeling was disappearing.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I conducted the efforts to be perfect to do not make more mistakes, I would make those voices pause.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
It came back.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a hospital hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, he was a little colored.
He wrote penicillin and sent him to her house.
But while he was headed to the door, he kept pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my career change, my boss asked me to speak with me peacefully in his office.
And I encourage the three words: Do you remember?
Does it remember the patient who saw a pain in the throat?
So he came back and had no strategic French.
He had a potentially fatal thing called epiphanity.
You can look for Google . It's an infection, not the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
He was managed by antibiotics, and he recovered in the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and reproductions, and then I was relieved and went back to work, until over and over again, and again.
Twice in the same turn of emergency, not diagnostics.
And it's a great effort, especially working on a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a carelessness.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a kidneys X-ray, but it turned out, a colleague who was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity on the lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I gave him liquid order to recycle and asked my colleague to revise it.
And I looked at it, and when you see some sensitivity on the lower right, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated, and they recovered well.
But every case I was tormented, I was devastated.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a beer.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just, embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach them that they don't make the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a transplant in my hospital gave up the wrong leg, believe me would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions: the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones I know -- the ones that have a result of outcomes and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies who start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, approximately and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical prison and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toron Star to my program,``White Coa, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes are happening every day, where one in 10 prescribed drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disappointment is not right . In a system in which hospital-acquired infections are increasingly, and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadians for preventable medical errors.
America's Medicine Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about raw understatement, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update.
The privacy of sleep invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, take the same patient with a chest pain, and it comes crazy with bright eyes, and with breath to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always equal.
And my patients are not cars . They don't relate their symptoms in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, there's no one left.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program,``white present, black art ,"it's a custom to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would say to everyone from the ambulance to the heart of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah blah --``What are your mistakes?"and led the microphone to them.
And his students would stop, they would go back, they would drop their head and they would swallow and they would start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say,``Look, don't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time . .
The redefining physician is human, it's known, it accepts it, and doesn't get proud of its mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happens to others.
share your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
Points out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings will lead the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes of time when.
My name is Brian Goldbas.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm a human.
And I'm so sorry, but I'm sorry to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what I do, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take one day?
You know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says to choose a middle American, is about 70 a day.
Not a lot, in a research, followed for a week to a group of business presidents.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were unemployed by these executives and the time they employed in making decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they get 139 jobs a week.
Naturally, every work included many men.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many of you belong to the nine minutes, and how many of an hour?
How does the way drive those decisions?
So today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today: choose to the overload overload.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a pat.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of choice overload?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, it came up with this very, very high level supermarket -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It's called Derata.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the bottled water, and this was when we were taking water from the faucet.
I loved going to that store, but I asked myself, why never buy anything?
This is the standard of olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in sealed box that came from millennials.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Does this strategy work of offering all these choices? ''
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that came up every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the memories.
Pass.
They had 340,000 different classes.
So let's install a post to look at, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out there memorable six flavors, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what's the case that people were willing to stop to prove the metal?
More people stopped when there were 24 -- 60 percent, that when there was only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at which case they were more likely to buy a memorable strip.
We found the opposite effect.
The ones that stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy me.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought me.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy me, if they found six, than if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy deserve probably, it's very good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the overload overload affects us in momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this is not convinced us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Hunda, Emma Kanzi and Wei Jagger, where we looked at the decisions on savings for about a million Americans in between 350 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in savings savings plans, the 401 program, demoralized people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation.
We had 650 plans that go from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds were offered, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 or more, not as high as you'd like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the 50th percentile.
It turns out even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the greater the number of options, the more people they were uncomfortable for avoiding actions or investment funds.
As soon as they were more options, they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the earlier decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that we make the decision, that they do it even when this is against self-interest.
They're more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and health . .
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they obviously go better.
The main reason is that we're looking at that gigantic variety of May, mustard, vinegar and memorably, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, to contract and choose that amazing exhibition.
I want to propose to you today four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse their business.
The first is, cutting.
You've heard before, but it's never been true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say,``cutting . ''
They worry about losing space in the ring.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut, to get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, you'll go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Holockork to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Golden Gate Corporation removed the products for cats that were less sold, the uses were increased in 87 percent, for two causes, greater sales and less cost.
You know that the supermarkets of today, on average, offers 45,000 products.
In a Walmart store, about 100,000 products are offered.
But the ninth largest thing in the world today is Aldu, and it offers only 1,400 products, a kind of tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples of how to handle the choices is the agenda of David Libradon, the Harvard program.
All of Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a life insurance fund.
They're offered 20 or more of them.
You know, people often say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees,``Tell me the differences between those options.
And if your employees cannot differentiate, you can't do your customers . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a vacation with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take Gary's offer.
( Little applause) Well, anyone who's ready to accept the offer.
Aren't it more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it really does reach more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, than in the second, but I can tell you and to say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice overload.
So people understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must feel very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
So we did a study with Lh-that Benjamin and Andrew President, about the personal NGO staff who worked at DNA . These people were in a meeting where they were being fed to a 401 plan.
At that meeting, we had exactly how we used, we did a little addition.
What we added was we asked the staff to think about positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minimum, there was an increase in 20 percent affiliations and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is Clarity.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hallway.
We saw that in the Google supermarkets along the northeast corridor, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 674.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry displays.
One is called``Jaze"and the other,``Singa . ''
If you think the one on the left is Synambia, and the one on the right is jazz, give a pat.
( Little applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Synambia, you give a pat.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Synambia . But, you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
categories have to indicate something that you choose, not to define them.
You often see this problem with these huge fundraising lists.
Now supposedly, who are you informing?
My fourth category: driving complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German manual maker that allows for complete.
You have to take 60 decisions, to raise the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one.
Color, outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box -- four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order that decisions appears.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you're always acting the default button in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed, you're losing them.
We find that those who are going from many options to a few, they have the bottom button over and over and over again.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, you go on there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to choose.
Although you choose the box of change, you don't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration, all of us prepared to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice overload: cut, eliminate strange alternatives; concentrate, make it real; classify, we can handle more categories with less options; to drive complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented you were designed to help drive the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are serving.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful to choose.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter of writing, you had to register it in the government.
You had to register a text sheet of an example written with the machine.
And this so that the government could trace the origin of text.
If they found a writing with the wrong message, they could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't conceive that someone could do this, how much this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots in every page that follow a pattern that makes them own one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can raise the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There is cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Golden of the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The cell phone phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, and they use a lot of money.
There's actually a lot of cases of online, multiple men, who won money with their attacks.
This is Vladimir Tasis, from Tarta, Estonia.
This is Alfred Gonzalez.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Bornage Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tarilon Alzheimer, etc., etc . .
These guys do their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal means through banking trojans to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jain, and this account had 2.4 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jain is blowing up; he knows his paradox.
And I say that today is more likely that any of us are victims of a cybercrime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from wrong.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we observe today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate them, they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have declined in the last 12 months, occupying a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: the criminals that do it for money, the hackers as Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group is national states the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like Discovery.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Disinstrument is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
I declared the last fall because of a shark.
They ran the safety of the site, and they perpetrated a cyber cyber.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack of people.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Disconnicity is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
What are the certificates?
Well, you need if you have a website with stories, SWVS encrypted services, services like Gmail.
Unless, you get a foreign certified authority.
And they emit encryption certificates.
And in the case of deciding exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April of 2011 and during the building of the building, they found many papers.
Now, between those papers was this folder called``RIFOS . ''
And within that folder there was notes of a commodity company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters is right here.
So, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the Scottish drone was found, a Trojan used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is embedded.
But today it goes beyond.
It's interacting with the Internet connection.
They'll use even tools like Troothwood Travels to infect our computer with a Trojan to allow them to see all of communication, and listen to the discussions online, to get our data.
When we think of things like this, the obvious answer should be,``Well, it seems bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's playing privacy.
Privacy is not arguing.
It's not a question of the privacy against security.
It's about control against control.
Although we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we're going to do today is to be forever.
Are we blindly trusting any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
The National Park of Nairobi has no near most of the south, which means that wild animals like zebras migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to make them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hating a lot of lions.
They're dying the warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, at the age six to nine, is responsible for his father's cattle, and this was the same thing that was happening to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this didn't serve, because I even helped the lions to see the stable.
I didn't go . Keep me.
A second idea was to use a spinner.
I tried to deceive lions to think that I was near the stable.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day, and they saw the sponges, and they went, but the second day, they came back and said,``This thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So, I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I'll go and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
I built everything.
As you can see, the solar cell load the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little indicator box . I call it a transformation.
And the indicator box makes lights explode.
As you can see, the bulbs go outside, because that's where lions come from.
And that's how you see lions when they come at night.
The lights flash and deceive the lions to think that I'm walking around the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed her a lot of animals, and he asked me if he could put the lights.
I said yes.
You can see it . You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by Kenya, to scare other predators like hyenas, leopards, and it's also being used to scale elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funding and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the grasslands of the savanna passing the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying, and told me that someday would be inside one.
And today, I am.
I got a chance to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Ashah soldier . What my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship . Richard Turner: Yes . .
CA: You're working on other electric inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RL: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence . CA: A electric fence?
RB: I know that electric fences were invented, but I want to do mine.
CA: I tried once, right? And you -- Dr.: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a wire . CA: At the foot of the canyon . Richard Turner, you're something big.
We're going to animate on every step that you, friend of mine.
Thank you very much . RS: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``No analytical . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Eilon, but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Although I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and myself never happened.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleague.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're bound together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
Within time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A living woman was dead on the street, holding a little child in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge head famine in North Korea in the mid-'80s.
In the end, over a million North Koreans died during famine, and only few survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more prevalent, all around me was completely to dark at night except for the sea lights in China, barely crossing the river since my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves the boundary between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very anxious at certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how North Korea came out, but I can only say that over the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life was like as a Norwegian refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because Korean refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became true, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and got interrogated in the police station.
Somebody had accused me to be Norwegian, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me many questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and deported.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an officer told another,``This was a fake report . She's not Norway . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some African-Americans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and deposited.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had caught them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These North Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, amazing North Koreans are captured in China and deported to North Korea, where they are tortured, jailed or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other North Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, everybody can get together in a instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
It was a much greater challenge of what I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We're all Korean, but inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
They even go through an identity crisis.
Am I South or Norway?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride.
Although adapting to life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan . I started studying for the income exam to university.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The North Korean authorities interested some money that sent to my family, and as punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China, and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family could not speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and approached by a Chinese police officer.
He asked everybody identification, and he started asking questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I progressively stood up and told him that they were admirated people who was collapsing.
I looked very suspicious, but fortunately I believed.
We did all the way to the Laws border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laos.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border illegally.
After paying a ticket and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But at time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the Caps capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything for free to my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison to short distance of the South Korean embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets.
I lost hope.
At that moment, or the voice of a man to ask,``What's the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would be asked to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained to him the situation, and no doubt, the man went to the ATM, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans and getting them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
I'm helping the North American people.
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and the North people when we needed it more.
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the hopes of hope that the North Koreans needs.
Eventually, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle.
Many African-Americans are separated from their families, and when they were up to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of English language, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with family, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans in the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
Central South Center.
This is South Central: strings of glory, fast food, badlands.
So the city planners came together, and they thought, we're going to change the name of South Central Center to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles, as if this will actually fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles, South Angeles, fast food, ball grounds.
Like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Angeles Center, home of food places to carry and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to get killed more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in the Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 50 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if you get out of home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs shopping and sold like cars used.
I see heart dialysis centers like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I'm also tired of driving 45 minutes away and back to buy an apple that has no pesticides.
What I did, I was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a field of land we call a gardening.
It's about 45 feet old.
The point is, that belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what comes me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Group, join us and start planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we're a group of a group paid by gardeners of all the processes, all over the city and completely voluntary, and all we do is free.
And the garden, he was beautiful.
Then someone complained.
The city came up to me, and in summary, I was given a little bit of a citizen saying that I had to retire my garden, the ritual was made by court order.
And I said,``Come on, really?
A judicial order for planting food on a piece of land that no one matters?"So I was like,``Well, let's take it . ''
Because this time was not going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lepth, and talked to the computer and one of the members of Green Grounds, who put a petition in Change.org, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My CEO even called to say they were going back and they adore what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why?
L.A. is the city of America with more territories.
It's 68 miles of badlands.
That's about 20 Central Parks.
That's enough space to plant 125 million of the tomato plants.
Why don't you do this well?
Growing a plant will give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a hole of speakers will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my hymn, when I tell people, I grow your own food.
Growing your own food is how you print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there . I raised my kids there.
I'm reluctant to being part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me, and I'm going to manipulate my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
gardening is my graffiti, I cultivate my art.
Like an artist of graffiti, which I read walls, I roll soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my test of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You simply can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, the transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You would be surprised to see how kids affect.
gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in an outbreak.
Also, you get strawberries.
I remember one occasion, who came a mother and daughter, were like the 1230s at night, and they were in my garden, and they looked very carefully.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame by seeing people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforce why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't people go steal your food? ''
To what I say,``For God no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal . ''
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to challenge your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the middle of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, I was shared with their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Grounds has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, as about 50 people who come, work and participate, all in volunteer plan.
If kids grow up, kids eat tail.
If they grow tomatoes, they'll eat tomatoes, but if none of them are taught, if they're not taught how the food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind what they're going to put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're stuck with . I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, that doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are charged from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole array of gardens, where people can share food on the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to get people to work, to get the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and honor to grow their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do sexy.
I want you all to become a growing green, grounds, good gardeners.
We have to change the script of what a geyser is.
If you're not a gardener, you're not a snake.
The guys take their agreement?
That's his weapon of choice.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your palette so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Marcus chirping) (Many of you will probably all agree with me when this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days as today, that it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you suck.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle, and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like the Netherlands, very close to cities, we'd like a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has pores and the water can go through it, so the entire rain of rain will flow sideways and have a road where it's easy to drive, and not to save water anymore.
Noise will disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can undo.
What is it to get rid of? See that in this road, the stone stones go out.
First one, then several more and more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that . But you can damage your windshield, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create bump with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Back, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a small amount of breath between the stones.
Because of the international, to the ultraviolet light, to the oxidation, this agent, this bottle, the glue between the red, will shrink, and if you shrink it, you'll be doing records and separated from the added.
So if you drive down the road, you will take the added, as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about authoritarian materials.
If we can make this material automatically automatic, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, of that to clean sarts, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the net . .
So we have little stick pieces of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an induction machine.
induction can heat, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the bottle, the ship flow through these records, and the stones will look back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great induction machine here to the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the show, I'm going to take the show now to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So they gave us a piece of road , 400 meters of the 825 highway, where we had to make a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did . You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and we tested them in the lab.
We did the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, we repair them later with our induction machine and repair them and we went back to prove.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy of induction to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, and they can even double the life of the surface . It really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they're curious about whether it also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before you can show you how you act.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember waking up a morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because news is usually depressed.
\" The Taliban were!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban was given in Afghanistan, and made the girls illegal to go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we would seem to be shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a small room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in the time, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban would suspect.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were terrified, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total byproduct of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and his father had it.
But my educated mother became master.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our home into school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not educating their children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated for our life and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to resign, but my father said,``Yemeni, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So, do you still want not to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old today.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age's women have more than the pup, and if my family hadn't been so engaged with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I'm here proud to graduate in Midden College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was exiled from his home for the courage to educate his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate me.
He's not just about my college title, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry it down on the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global seal of 160, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded Sola, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like mine, advocate for them, despite and still in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from the way from SOPA to his village, and literally, they escaped being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice warned you that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you would try and try it.
\" Get me together, if you want ,"he said,``But not to hurt my daughter's future for his old and thrown ideas . ''
What I've been given is Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of us we succeeded, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter, and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key to our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling stakeholders of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last much, after the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that they encourage them, I see a promise and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hopeless hope and possibilities, and every day the solams of SOLE remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile,``Son, he resists Gaddafi . He fight against him.
But you never have a Gapping style . ''
They've spent almost two years since the Libya revolution inspired by the wides of mass mobilization, both of the Tunisian revolution.
A force with many other books, in and outside of the country to call a fashion and to start a revolution against the garbage regime of Gaddafi.
And we did it; it was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the forefront, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a bravery to be able to face the brutal dictator of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months period of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyranny.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and seeds of otherness.
For four decades, the ethical regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of Libya society.
In aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted to, along many other women, to rebuild Libya civil society, demand an inclusive transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They established about 200 organizations in Beijing during, and immediately after Gaddafi, about 300 in Trip.
After a 33 year-old period, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I began to organize workshops about the development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
And with an incredible group of women, we founded the platform of Women Liberia by the Peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of women and by our right of equal participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the prefrontal period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is model from selfish domination policies and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 175 percent of National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
However, little by little, the elation of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing; every day we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi graves.
Another day I loved the murder of the American Embassy and the seizure of the icefall.
Another day we woke up with the news of the army officers of the army.
And every day, every day we woke up with the government of the military and their continued violations of human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is more polarizing, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exclusion and the revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire you with our history of the critical list and the choices.
Now, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose evil, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The creative list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, didn't.
So what happened then?
Why is it that our society is still polarized and dominated with selfish policies and exclusion and exclusion, both men like women?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices, which only reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the feminine thing to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and calling the anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, not just honor, but also put in practice the mercy rather than revenge, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion rather than exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, shattered by war, desperately needs in order to reach peace.
Because peace has a alchemy that's about interconnection and alternative between female perspectives and male perspectives.
That's the real creator.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it a society.
According to a very very very sea of the Koran``Salam"--``it's the word of the microscopic God, [chest, compassionate . ''
At the same time, the word``menu ,"which is known in all the Abrahamic traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``lightning"-- uterus -- symbolizes the feminine and motherly, which embraces all the humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all the people have gone.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the nutrients all existence.
That's how it says,``My mercy caught all things . ''
That's how it says,``My miserable preventing my anger . ''
They're all conceived of the mercy of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an exciting question, which has an equally disturbing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody does always: Why do she stay?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who stuck her?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I was just licensed at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green Mother Express, and had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I created my twin soul, pointed to my head with a gun, charged with stick bullets.
The man, when I loved no one in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of crazy love, a psychological trap, loss of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA at Warmer Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the``Fortune 500 ,"between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burna and The Washington Post.
I'm about 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black lawyer and driving a minimum Audience Mondera.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all religions, all levels of income and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the farmers are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate, independent, long-term relationships, or, said, in the families, the last place where we want or we would expect to find violence, which is what we would expect to find violence, the fact that the domestic abuse is so puzzling . .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who stuck it, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women, women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be home violence victims than other ages, and over 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year by couples, girlfriends and husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, your warning signals or your patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting at my side in New York City, and started flowing with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he had just gotten away from a university of the Ivan Legacy and worked on a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a field of the field.
He had a lot of big flowers like apples, and a wheat blonde hair, and seemed so sweet.
One of the most intelligent things that I did -- Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it all over the beginning, putting on a pedestal.
We started coming out, and I loved it all about me: that it was list, that I had gone to Harvard, that I put passion to help teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
He believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, like nobody had ever done it.
And that's why the license in that prestigious school and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate it.
Now the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams' work, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my job and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that he was falling in a crazy love, who was entering his head in a physical, financial and psychological trap carefully.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts.
And here's where those guns go into scene.
And as soon as we moved to New England, you know, that site where I was supposed to be that Congo had to feel so safe to buy three guns.
One was in the glove of the car.
The one would stick underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those guns because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those guns actually were a message for me, and, although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physicist of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the road.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put the girlfriend from my mother and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved her and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very regretted . .
It was just very overwhelmed by the wedding and by the fact that I formed a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make it hurt.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in my head that I stole several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, I was overwhelmed by traffic and threw a Big Mac on the face.
I kept putting on one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is domestic violence victim or bullying at some point in his life, and the Disease Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Let me go back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, in love with a deeply tormented man, and was the only person in the world that could help Congo face his devils.
The other question that everybody does is: Why doesn't it just go?
Why didn't I go?
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you normally ignore: is incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence happen after the victim has ended the relationship, after getting married, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the abuse has returned to married, financial resources, and manipulation of the family's judicial system to terrorize the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend time not supermassive with the man who was beating their mother.
And yet we keep asking why it just doesn't go?
I was able to go, because I was able to get a little bit of a sand that I saw my denial.
I realized that the man who loved me so much would have killed me if he was allowed.
So I broke the silence.
I told everyone, the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, all unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims as spinal headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
He said,``Why do you stay? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``Guilt is yours for staying ,"as if victims are going to be able to get in love with men who want to destroy.
But since I published``crazy love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escape, who learned an unusual lesson of what happened to them and they required their lives and joyful and happy lives as employees, wives and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I went back to marry with a nice and nice man, and we have these three children.
I have that black predator and also that minimum.
What I'm not going to have again, ever, is an appropriate gun pointing to my head in someone who says I want to.
Right now, you're thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Hi, what was stupid ."But all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being battered or that they were small or that are abusive themselves.
The abuse could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love by breaking silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last petition to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse thrives only in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply shedding light on it.
The victims we need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the abuse to light talking about it with their children, their coworkers, their friends and family . .
They reframe their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow down their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel like at this point there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have been dressed like this, and luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing shift on a TED stage, so you're very lucky to present it, I think . .
If some of the women were horrified when they came up, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These machines are very uncomfortable -- less bad that I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you do nothing as I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
Openness is powerful, but also surface.
I've changed totally what you thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that I would take the back and take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan, like the one that I did two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, even though it's superficial and unchanging, has a great impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being courageous means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but honestly.
The first question is, how does it become model?
And I always say,``A hunters discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last centuries, we haven't just defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire, we have also associated with it at a high and a straight figure, the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, a heritage that I've known to exploit to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now showing skeptical, and maybe there are some lover lovers that say -- wait . There's Naomi, Tibert, Joan Silists, Liu Wen.
First of all, the happy ones to know so much of models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a graduate student at NYU in New York City said all and each of the models in the runway, and from the 67 models hired, only 27, that is less than four percent, were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Can I be a model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is, I don't know.
But then what I would say to each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a ninja carbon surgeon and a poet, which would be awesome, because it would be the first.
If after this spectacular list, they still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of a Voice American magazine or the CEO of H & M, or the next Steven Mexico.
Saying that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's outside your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose.
And I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike carbon surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've done your studies, and you have a rsum and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, that is, if you said you want to be president from the United States, but your rsum said,``Copenhagen model for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people are always doing me is if all of the pictures are connected.
And yes, they're practically connected all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bikini, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
That's how I look at my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am at a pirate party a few days before the photos for the French Viking.
So here I am with my football team and in the magazine V.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creations of a group of professionals, penis, maps, photographers and statistics, and all their customers and present people and postproduction, and managed to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I've got too much 20 inches, and I never use, except the previous pair, but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store, and I forgot to wear money, and they gave me the dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a prime driver; he jumped a sea in red and, of course, they stopped us, and I'm sorry, agents in order to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege by my aspect, not for what I am . And there are people who are paying a price for their appearance no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 14,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177,000 black and Latino young women in New York, so for them, isn't a question of me standing?
And when?
By researching for this talk, I found out that about 53 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that figure rises to 78 percent to the 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe looks like it.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And that's true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them is: I'm insecure.
And I am because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask,``With a smaller, smaller hair, will be happier? ''
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the thinner legs, the brightest hair and the more to fashion, but probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something that will retain from this talk, I hope you're all feeling more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in perception that we have about success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I didn't go to the summit.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat pictures, not even a minimum care in the lighting.
In fact, most of them took tourists at random.
My story starts when, meeting in New York City to give a piece, my wife gave me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That's the 501 corner and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching me, my wife said to me,``Why don't you take you to New York on a dad trip and continue the ritual?
This is when we started to ask the tourists to happen to take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
Nobody has ever denied, and fortunately, no one has ever dealt with the camera.
At the time, we were not aware of how much life would change us.
It became something sacred for us.
This photo is about a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in an October week and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter comes up with new milestones, and I can see life through his eyes and how they perceive and interact with everything.
That concrete time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year . .
Recently, on one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly, he stopped in dry and pointed out a red strip of the wrist store that he loved small in previous visits.
And I was describing what I had felt at the age of five in that same place.
I said that he remembered his heart, putting strength by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
So today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't rely on someone and ask it,``Do you take a picture? ''
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The divers are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have such bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter as mentally, silly, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press, laughter and stock, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept . You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean, they don't help prevent disease spread.
They're hardly monogamous . They're far away from extinct, and, my favorite, the divers have better presence . There are two types of gas on this planet.
There's the New World subsidies that are mostly found in the Americas, like the computers and the cards, and the birds of the Old World, where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the weapons important? First, they provide vital ecological services . Limb.
It's our natural garbage collectors.
They cleaned the carcasses up to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that unless they would be extended and causing great losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there's no gas, the carcasses take three to four times more time in decomposing, and it has huge branching in disease spread.
The divers also have huge historic importance.
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
New York was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and, along with the cobra, symbolizes the unit between the height and the Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Jay was the book god, and risked his life to save the Side of the 10 sand devil.
In Tibetan culture, they're doing very important entrepreneurs in open sky . In places like Tibet, there's no place to bury dead, or wood to believe them, so these birds provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the birds?
We have eight species of birds in Kenya, which six are at extreme threatened.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife, the grazing communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the divers are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of birds are in the critical list of extinction danger, which means in less than 10 or 15 years, it will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like Dicken.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and taken a position.
Since there's no gas, there's been a spread in the number of dogs in landfill, and when you have a street dog, you have a huge time bomb for rage . The number of race cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa : 353 archaes are going to be above Lake Turkana.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're birds of birds.
In West Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead weapons to serve the bubble and the feedback market.
So what's doing? Well, we're looking at these birds . We're putting them transportations.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments at the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the divers, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help?? It can become active, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you we have to focus on these very supportive creatures, and to donate your time to spread the word . It will spread the word.
When you go out of this room, you'll be informed about the birds, but you talk to your families, with your children, with your neighbors about the birds.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been modeled for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971 to 1977, young people, but I'm not . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we established in Africa.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead, everything we recorded we did.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Walls of the Zambia ,"was a project where Americans decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So, we came with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zambia River, and taught local tomatoes and homes and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they don't agree . We were amazed by the local, in so fertile, they didn't have agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how you could not grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we're here ."`` Just in time to save the people in Zambia . ''
And of course, everything in Africa was grown beautifully.
So we got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the shores,``Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, black and red, overnight, about 200 hippopotamus hands appeared from the river and ate everything, and we said to the ships,``Oh my God, we happened to be happy . ''
And the ships said,``Yes, we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say it?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought only Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hippocampus.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we gave them to the trusted people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``help Dead"by Dama Mozo, engagement.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that money has caused.
Just read your book.
I'm a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
Westerners are empires, collaborative missions, and we treat people just in two ways, or pathogens, or we are pathological.
The two words come from the Latin root``path ,"which means``father . ''
However, they mean two different things.
Pathological, I treat anyone in a different culture like my children,``I want a lot . ''
Parkinson, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my servants.
That's why white people in Africa are called``band ,"chief.
That book gave me a slap on the face .``The little thing is beautiful ,"written by Schwarzschild, who said for all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, last sticks . .
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said,``Can you imagine a city that's not nitrogen? ''
I decided at the age of 27 only to respond to people, and I invented a system called Facility Company, where you never started anything, you're never motivated, but it becomes a sense of local passion, the building of local passion people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what you do? It's street.
It never comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of locality.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figured out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give someone an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do??
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why don't we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we hear them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
Entrepreneurs never go, and they'll never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So planning has this blind dot.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the business doctor of the business, which is established with you in your house, on the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in Copenhagen, West Australia City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this condescending junk that we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 march projects, and the government came to me to say,``How can you do that?
How can you do that?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
I was street and I listened to them ."So, the government says,``Make it again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest entrepreneurial advisers in history, died at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was philosophy of philosophy before he got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of business spirit.
So now you rebuild Christchurch without knowing what the most astute people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them to you, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will be able to come in.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What's the presentation of you.
Local passionate people . That's what you've been clapping.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution, not renewables, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The face as a way to sustain machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we transport, we communicate seven billion people in a sustainable form.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent the technology for the green revolution? University? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!
It's going to be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an adorable story that I read in a futuristic magazine, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1850s.
And in the 1850s, this group came together, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was naive: New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing up at this rate, to move the population in New York around them, they would take six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already angled in dung, so in 1860, they were seeing this dirty technology that will be able to get the life of New York.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, there were 120 automotive manufacturing companies , 120.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, scales, factories in appealing places.
Deratar, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them to comfort.
Otherwise, they're not going to come to you with you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And later, you will have to tell you the truth with respect.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things magnificent: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to tell a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that I can do, sell and look for money alone.
No.
This has not been born yet.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Washington, Edison, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: None was started by one person.
Never the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone . Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from a small business of little businesses sitting in coffee shops, in bars alongside their comrades who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this episode, someone who will ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh no, I can't do that ."`` I want you to look for someone? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like self-assembled tools, pills and chalk.
So these projects arose from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door at a bad moment?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understanding our landscape?
How do we share our hopes for empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams today?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love in New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots who give shadows to lovers, sketches and gentlemen, and I trust a city.
There's a parade in New Orleans . There's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of American abandoned properties.
I live near this house and thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Joan, as a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this caused me a deep gratitude for living time.
It gave clarity to the significant things in my current life.
But I drink for keeping this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me go through the day to day and forget how important for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this atomic home on a giant board and painted on her phrases to complete,``Before I die . ''
So the treatments could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ,"`` Before I die, I want to sit on the line of the date . ''
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
Before I die, I want to hug it again . ''
Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue . ''
Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive, and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh, and they broke me, and they gave me comfort in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scanner, and it's about giving care of reflection and contemplation, and remembering what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my civic center colleagues, we made a kit and now has been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia and beyond.
Together we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distraction, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate.
Death is something we often have to talk about, or even thinking, but I understood that to prepare us for death is one of those things that keeps us more power.
It's going to think about death in our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hopes, fears and stories, people that surround us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
remix is 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't talk, but it's making joy better than some of the best speakers.
Ram knows what love is.
I share it unconsciously, what happens.
It's not advanced . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: he never lied.
When I sing our childhood songs, trying to encourage words that I can't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very handsome.
It has the most unthinkable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that each of the songs of my iPod came out, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I'm going to make my arm in my arm during the first episode of the Tebrands and the Lady Gaga birthday.
Doesn't it seem amazing?
But most people disagree.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit into the concept of normal society, they are often ignored and understood.
But what propelled my heart and I strengthen my soul was that even if that was the case, although I didn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term``autism ,"it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual, it manifests differently, from there that remix is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, they diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that is faster increases in the world, there's no cause of known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When a few months passed, I realized that he was different.
I yelled a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
remix lived and queens in his own world, with his own rules, and found pleasure in the smaller things, like putting cars in rows around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that would have between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and differences became more apparent.
But beyond the overreacting, frustration and influenced hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family, moments that I'd wish that they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
normality passes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey a single thing to Rem and Sam and to you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or no, the differences we have -- are a gift! Each of us has a gift, and honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change at the time that we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit about what it must have been Alice in the wonders of the wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who would give a communication class to engineering students.
He was scared . Right, scared of these students with his great minds, their big books and their great words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when she fell down the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
And so I felt like I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised by the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, don't get it together.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant for us.
They don't just tell us that they study the boards, but they study the boards, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, care with jargon.
jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``spatial and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time ,"which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same as making them dumb.
Instead, as Einstein said, everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . They are ways of staying and excited with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about the signs of``bullet . ''
They've been wondering why they call``bullet"? What do the bullets do? The bullets kill, and they kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language area of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of Venice Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the boards is so strong that actually inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, human-readable sentence that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that embrace our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what's described.
I think these are just some key people who can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all media, just just just like it . Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the whole dictionary of English Oxford is``Suslike . ''
Just because it sounds very good.
And``solid"means``resolution policy ."means.
Though there was a personal editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said,``A Slowers"is that one who seeks a public charge no matter, platform, or principle, and, when you win, you get it for the mere use of a restaurant verbal monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means``rescue . ''
Something about words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1771 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to cite the exact words they were saying in the parliamentary chamber.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the instrumental name of Brazil Crowism, who confronted Parliament.
They took him in the London Tower and they were incarcerated, but he had the enough courage to face them, and at the end, he had such popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later we had the first registered use of the phrase,``Bear like the Meta . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's by a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to return to America, just after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions that might have frustrated.
Some of you wanted to call it``Jesus Washington ,"and others,``Her Altorn George Washington ,"and other``Defense of People's People . ''
Not very high.
Some just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was quality.
And even with it were monopoly, they had the idea that you could be chosen by a particular term.
And it could have served.
Everybody gets tired, because this debate was pronounced for three weeks.
I read a poor senator, and I always wrote,``still with this subject . ''
What caused the delay and the back was that the Republican Chamber was against the Senate.
The Republican Chamber didn't want Washington to get out of power.
They didn't want to call it king for if he was giving him to his successor.
So, they wanted to give the most modest, more insignificant and more unfortunate title that came to them.
And that title was``President . ''
President . You didn't invent the title . There's already been before, but it just meant``somebody who owns a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gravity than the term``foreman"or``supercomputer .".
There were presidents of small colonial aid and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate was busy.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it President . ''
\" This guy has to sign treaties and gather with foreign dynamics . ''
\" And who will take a serious title and insignificant title as the U.S. President? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't have.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never been formally represented the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to stay there, waiting for the Senate between in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- -- it's possible that we're going to wait for 2.3 years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and what I want to leave you with is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of unmanned aerial vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have drawn to the title of gravity.
So, finally won the Senate.
They got their feedback.
And also the other concern of Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity at the time.
But do you know how many nations they have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads, etc.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because nobody is going to feel humble when you tell them that they are now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I'd like to leave you with.
Politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually, the reality of changing the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk, but above all, that cacophony of male and stone towers, with primitive tools.
Like the others, I take a cheap flashlight of smart light subject to my head with this autonomous elastic, and I can barely distinguish the branches of the branches that hold the walls of that a subway hole that takes hundreds of meters on the ground.
I slipped my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days before, that I lost control and fell in increasing feet in that pump.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep in the deep of that hole, their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and went home, but they may never do it, because they're a prisoner of slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition at the Vancouver Peace Council.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a set of French, the Slopahoes, an NGO that was dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery, and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I was very bad, I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this atrocity of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a knot, and, weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Director of French, and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had already been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I considered them my second home.
But this time, it would ventilate the dirty rag.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the entire transatlantic slave.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual wage of an American worker.
The equivalent to about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today you can enslave the whole families for generations for $18 , 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from more than $13 billion a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work, and then discovering that they're forced to work without paying, under violence, and can't escape.
Now slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are throwaways.
Slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal all over the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the brick furnaces.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell of Dante.
Immediately in a temperature of 54 degrees, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped in a heavy pile of powder, performing mechanically brick in their heads to 18 at once, and they take them from the blazing holes to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
Dense densities and tiredness work silently, doing this task over and over over 16 hours a day.
There were no parents to eat, not to drink, and the severe disability would make it quite inconsequential.
So pen were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and, sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the troublemaker who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And I explained very clearly that to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing . .
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to trust the Slop ,"and work within the system for his release and trusted that they would get it.
As to me, I waited to get home to feel my mangled heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks during miles by mountain terrain to trucks waiting down.
Those big planes were more heavy than the kids who charge them, and the kids were holding them to their heads with their heads made of sticks and ropes and rags.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- they're working 16 hours a day without paying because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villagers collected their freedom, the slaves were permanently burnt their houses.
When we heard the word, slavery often thought about sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness, I was told that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was accompanied by women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by an anonymous staircase that was given to this dirty basement of fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Research, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms, where the women slaves with their girls and children, some of the only seven years are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each pole is dark and dirty, identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a biomedical and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their customers.
And standing on the board, I remember feeling a self-assemble fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what must be stuck in that hell.
I just had a exit: the stairs where I walked into.
There were no doors.
There were no big enough windows to climb.
Those people have no escape, and because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery, even the sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It's everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are the father, the blue and red tissues of their children.
They mix stations in these big barrels and dive the silk in the liquid to the elbows, but the ink is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
\" We have no freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, however, can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work . ''
There's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in the Volta Lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fisherman's family in a ship, two older brothers, some younger children, make sense not?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their traveling families, disappeared and forced to work stranger in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing anything.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up, he was shaking, he feared that his little canoe was established.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees plunged in the Volta, often they catch networks and children, faster and with fear, they're thrown into water to break the branches.
Many of them are drowning.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love, he's not going to flee, and as all life has been treated with cruelty, he's creatively treated the younger slaves under their command.
And I met these guys at five in the morning, when they were going up the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
The night cold and window night.
And it would point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're reported of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishermen village.
I met it in a shelter where I Free the Slop's resilient to scale victims.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
driving up a road in Ghana with Southern Face partners ,"a shopping partner with his motor suddenly accelerated and overcome our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it on a way of land to the jungle.
At the end of the road, we got out of the car, and asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then he pointed out this sentence just visible and said,``This is the way, this is the way . We go . ''
As we started down, we took down the stairs that blocked the road, and after walking around an hour, we found that the road was attached by the recent rains, so I put the photo team on my head as we drop into these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the second path ended abruptly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they walked in poisoned water with mercury.
The mercury is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a manhole in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, given that many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people carrying heavy stone bags that then will be transported to another area where they're going to make the stone in order to extract the gold.
On the first view, the site seems to be full of strong and wooden men, but if we look closer, we see the margin work to work on other less fortunate and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and poisoning for mercury in a few years.
This is Mandela . When his father died, he took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Mandela inherited the debt of uncle that force him to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the leg of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that the doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Marduk has tuberculosis, and not yet, he's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Still, he dreams with being released and educated with help of local activists like French, and it's this kind of determination, of face to a remote possibility, that inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give them testimony of them and we will do everything to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines . These are people, real people, like you and me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I'm thinking about these so many beautiful, battered people, which I've had the great honor to meet.
And I hope that these images will wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force goes into a fire and that fire fires light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make math applied, and there's a peculiar problem for whom we do: we're like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try and explain what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We're really interested in the battle of the ballet and the clear dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably a certain initial appetite that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's wrong destroyed gradually this extraordinary skill, as I do with my friend Jane Syrian who, in his time, was a virtuous ballet dancer.
Over the last few years, a lot of progress has been progress.
However, there are 2.3 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable, temperature, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately the only way we will know if there's really a cure to be when we have an objective and a curve.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other disorders of movement no biological markers, so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a 20-year-old neurological exam.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means, outside clinical trials, they're never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult trip to clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves?
You would not need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional form to try, you see, in a sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Syland.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as it emitted sounds when you speak, and we can imagine as dancers from a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes necessary . The Founding, for example.
And like the ballet, it requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think about the time it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and as the Parkinson affects the limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
And in the bottom, you can see an example of irregular strings of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal tremor, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspired after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests be compared in voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, they're both invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are skillful . Well, but in addition to voice exams they're not specialized.
That is, they can be self-confident.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears to massive scale.
So these are some amazing goals that are ready to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for routine check.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could make massive, low-cost mass requirements for clinical trials and, for the first time, farmers from general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So, when we give the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Potato Initiative Initiative.
Along with Occupy and Photorics, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local accessible lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anybody, with or Without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So, Max, taking all these samples of, say , 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who isn't?
What will you get out of these samples?
Max Littman: Yeah . Yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease.
BL: You see, some people may not happen . Maybe they don't end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances, because we're looking for limitation factors in search of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
BL: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Tamilar, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network too, which holds the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Ninety and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
BL: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Littman, public . .
BL: Thank you, Tom.
Before March in 2011, I made photographs in New York City.
We are predicted creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the skinny models even thinner, the perfect skin, even more perfect, we do the impossible, possible, and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my home, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly later, an organization where it was voluntary, there Hans volunteers, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't sit at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Europe.
It's a small fishing town located in the Idead prevalence of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reached more than 24 feet tall and more than three miles land inside.
As you can imagine, the people were devastated.
We took rubble out of the waterways and the ditches.
We cleaned up schools . We take the slime and we leave the houses ready to be renewed and rehabilitated.
We took tons and tons of dead fish, expensive, rotten from the local factory.
And we used to get out and love it.
For weeks, both the volunteers as neighbors found similar things.
They found photos and pictures of photos and cameras and Steve cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
Take them up and take them to different places of the villages around to save them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
As they got out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village rating center.
It helped clean the common bathrooms, the enormous ones.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the rating center picks up photos.
They took them up and I had the honor that that day trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizons, but it wasn't until my horizons, that something happened.
Looking at the pictures, I found some who were over a hundred years old, were still in the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking how to fix that trait and repair that gap and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night went into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try it.
So we started collecting the pictures.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too ruined, but where the water had disappeared the girl's face, I had to fix a lot of precision and delight.
Otherwise, that little girl would not look like it, and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture.
Over the course of time, they came for more photos, and they needed more chapters, so it came into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later , 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 desperate people to join.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Ramisance, a neighbor's north village.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographs that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their pictures.
The time they were going to give them is a different story, it depends on the discovery of the photos.
I could explain an hour . I could make weeks.
It could explain months.
This bike had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water hadn't destroyed.
He took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures underwater in saltwater, bacteria covered, with algae, even with oil, all of that with the time of time continued to destroy them, so cleaning them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't rebuild the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky with cleaning by hand.
We have the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to damage even more of the pictures already.
As Window once said, my group leader is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was in relation to the photos.
He had started cleaning them herself, but he stopped when he realized that he gave them even more.
It was also doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been rebuilt, we were able to fix the images in a single picture and collect the whole photo.
When he collected his pictures sharing something from his story with us.
A colleagues of their husband found the photos in a firefighter between the rubble far away from where their house used, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the Sirens sounded.
His little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
It took a week to find all his family and know that they had all survived.
The day he sets his pictures his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could look at, something that he could remember from the past that would not have been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there, Mandarin hundreds of them helped us clean up more than 135 photographs, the vast majority, the vast majority of their owners, important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 hundred hundreds of fully remote pictures and challenged.
During this time, we don't really spend 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printers.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear.
They are stewards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would look for.
And about this was the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return someone to their connection with the past.
When a picture like this gets back to someone, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the responders.
Some of them connected to something larger, to return something, using their talent for something that is not thin models of perfect skin.
To conclude I'd like to read this email, I sent it Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months.
So while I was telling, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One particular one, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, moved to me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, me and my newborn daughter, hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs, our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Edwin inspired us awe and curious with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in a single million second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present to you a new kind of photograph: the photography, a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see behind the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenges the idea of camera.
If I take a laser and turn it on and on a billionaire second or be, in several seconds to create a picture package of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that bullet, traveling at the speed of light, and again a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this photo package and shoot on this bottle, how do those photons spread into this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember this all happens in less than a nanoseconds is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't support this research . So a lot of things happen in this film; we'll unpack this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through and, inside, starts to spread.
Part of the light is fixed, goes to the table, and we started seeing these ripples.
Many of the photons finally get to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
In that time, waves travel on the table, and because of the reflection of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, the thoughts concentrate.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make it take the same distance and see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit that movie?
One day? A week? Actually, every year.
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in motion.
And what about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are left from the table, the tomato and the wall in the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, thought, of a photographer at a time, but, of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look once again this tomato, you'll notice that as the light gets rid of tomato, it's still bright . It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is ripe and the light bounces inside, and it comes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this picture is in its mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is ripe without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a low exposure, it comes very little light.
But we're going to get a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so just just enter some light.
So we sent that bullet, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very crowded synchronization, we took those data gigabytes and we put them online to create those feelings that I showed you.
We can take all of those raw data and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero future allowed him to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . To bounce, enter the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces.
It's not science fiction . We've already built it.
On the left, it's our picture.
Behind the wall there is a crank and we will bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this fast, our picture, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances all the way down to the door and also even the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture of a raw picture, which, you see on the screen, doesn't really make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, put them together and try to analyze the multiple liberals of light, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build industries able to see the interior of the body by crawling the oceans, and the same thing for cardiologists.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so actually this is a asking for scientists to start thinking about photography as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
As Doc Educanth, he himself was a scientist, turned science into art, an art of flexible photographs.
And I realized that all the data gigabytes that we collect is not just for scientific visualizations, but we can be able to do it.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code.
And look at those waves . Remember, time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But there's something fun here.
If you look at the waves underneath the lid, these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording about the speed of light, we have weird effects . Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to the camera.
By applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hello . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile cell can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, put it up to Solar and be famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a boy in 1984 and alive in Berlin's city.
So let's go back to that moment, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gathered that they were looking for a change, they had a mobile cell phone.
Who do they have a mobile phone here?
Get you.
Raise your phones, get them up!
Get them up . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile phone.
But today I'll talk about me, my mobile phone, and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Brain data.
Why is that information there?
Because in 2006, the E.U . Commission presented a directive.
The Data Research directive.
This directive says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider of all of Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who's called who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use the mobile, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company or their Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data retrieval.
We want the self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want the phone phone to store the whole information on us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets in Berlin and said,``Freedom, don't fear . ''
And some even said that this would be the State 2.0.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time I use mobile?
So I asked my phone, Desktop Telecoco, who was the largest phone company in Germany, which please would send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all blah, blah . .
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start with them a warrant demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Desterdi Telechan said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
And they would take the demand, and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the introduction for the German director of the E.U.
So I got this ugly thing with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand different lines of information.
At first I saw it and I said, well, it's a huge archive . OK.
But after a while I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data retention means.
So, next to Zero Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a simulation of six months of my life.
You can zoom in and get away, go backwards and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin on train to Colombia, and how often I call the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife, and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then one call the other, and each other, and we ended up with this great network of communications.
You can see how people communicate with each other at what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who gives you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the State would have known who I participated in this protest, and, if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never happen.
The fall of the Berlin Wall would never have happened.
And, in conclusion, neither of the Herilla Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But self-determination and living in digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight that every day.
When they go home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value, it's not moved.
When they go home, tell their representatives that only because businesses and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phone, you will remember that you have to fight for self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call me Massachusetts Zami and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor who brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, suspicing the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, which is why I got a whole time.
Look.
It's attracted.
And Muhammad Al.
P. C. is not genetic.
It's not chronic or it can't contract.
No one would hurt my mother's uterus, and I don't contract it because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I'll warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Come on.
Christmas vessels, they're in the mall, they're driving in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
Plus, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and vitamin C. is just one of them.
If there's a clean oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Professor, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in``can't . ''
My father's mantra was,``You can do it -- dancing song . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were suing the school system and made sure that I was also, and if we didn't get all the maximum notes, we got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five, putting my heel on their feet and just walking.
Another tactics I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The strategies that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten, he walked like a boxing champion that has received a lot of hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and still being all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think about using``hate Muslims"as a campaign.
The people who grew up had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about it a lot that died of hunger during the branch.
I told them that he had enough fat to live three months without eating, so he will help the dawn of dusk is very easy.
Bay tape in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents could not afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madonna.
In the summer vacation, I often tried to feel, so I drank a deer milk, they put hot cups on my back, I immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember that the water burned my eyes and I thought,``It works, it works . ''
But the miracle cure was yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga, it was a standard comedian who could not stand.
And now I can hold on my head.
My parents reinforce this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the television Hospital . .
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States of Arizona, because I was in all the coupons.
It was like the standard of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the homework tasks, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene from the crystal zoo, my teachers cried.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to do a work called Dance very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy.
I was a girl with cerebral palsy.
So I started screaming at the four winds,``In the end I'll have a paper!
I have cerebral palsy!
Ultimately, free!
Thanks to God Almighty, I'm in the end . ''
I didn't get the paper . They gave it to Sheikh Brown.
I went to fire the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking why, and she told me that because they believed that they couldn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, it cannot be character . ''
It was a paper that was literally born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy.
The university was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a proper history of adding actors without disability roles.
When I graduated, I came home, and my first active tour was like extra on a phone.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be assembly of``partner"to``better friend"in a sanctity.
Instead, I was there as a vase, I didn't see me more than the name, and it was evident for me that speaker directors didn't hire left actors, not white actors, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching White Goldberg, Rosson Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedian.
So I became humiliated.
In my first tour, he took famous comic comics from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first cartoon he took when he fell at high speed by the freeway in New Jersey with a driver who had cerebral palsy.
I worked in clubs all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that you never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York Film Festival, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Japanese-Americans in the media, and at the same time remind the directors of regret that South and Arab are not synonymous.
integrating the Arabs was much easier than fighting against the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program account behind Keith Olbor.
I went into a graduation dance, I got dragged to a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the principal and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two...''
And we were live.
So I cling to the desktop desk to not get out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end, I had my opportunity and the device, I knew they weren't going to invite me.
But not only Mr. Olympic came back to invite me, but I was a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
A funny thing that I learned with Keith Olympic was that people on the Internet are elusive.
It's said that kids are cruel, but they never grew out of me nor as a child or bigger.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a burden object.
I see online clips with comments like,``Why do you take it? ''
Is it beaten? ''
And my favorite:``Poor Buddha.
What disease has it?
We really should pray for it . ''
A commentator suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum: curiosity, comedian, paralyzed.
Disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Beijing can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled are the -- yeah, clap, man . Go.
The disabled is the largest minority in the world, and the most widespread in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it would not walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My trunk trip has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet flowed by the divine of the Sunstrican Telescopes, and the so-called Brendan Army . .
I came to act in a film with Adam Sanday and working with my name, the incredible Dave Matthews.
I went to the world,``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was delegate in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded``The Children in Mosis ,"a charity to give the Palestinian refugee children a minuscule of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me to act on live, and I dedicated this talk to his memory.
Peteration in peace, dad.
I call me Massars Zami, and if I can, you can too . .
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know her name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small village south of Somalia.
This town is near Mozart.
The drought drives the small village to poverty and on the edge of the sentence.
Without it, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mogan, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, there's no work, no future perspectives.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mogadishu.
After maybe a year passed, nothing.
One day, a gentleman offered him to take it to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a small group of people, who gives him a break.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, their family.
They introduce a young man.
He finally got home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, he bursts a bomb.
That little boy with the dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber, and that dynamic group of people were al Shabaab, a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So, how does a child's story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him joining?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that we call the waiting period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the outcasts, the urban urban young people who are describing riots in Johannesburg, disappointed riots in London, looking for something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three of five people living in cities will be under 18.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the waiting period, access to terrorism, to violence, to gangs, to be the story of cities 2.0.
And in my hometown, Mogadishu , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't virtually do anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Mazil Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being before that high-performing hospital thinking,``What if I would never have gone? ''
What if I had forced me to be in that same waiting period?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to support some juvenile leaders in a corporate company.
I assembled about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down and we had a brainstorming of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mogadishu, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate college, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white white to al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mozart, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the viable system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
And he saw an opportunity and he took it.
He started a motorcycle company.
He started collecting motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorcycles over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story different?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's business spirit, and I think business spirit may be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
It empowers young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mohammed, a florist.
He was helping some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first florist that Mogadishu has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers to your wedding, you used to be sent from the foreigner.
If you asked someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of landmines and a floral design company.
He created a farm outside of Mogadishu, and he started growing the truth and lights, which he said, could survive the hard weather of Mogadishu.
And he started the delivery of flowers for weddings, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now he's working on the first public park of Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial rose.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought to start a business.
They had thought to work for an NGO, work for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, which could be a change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and creating an entrepreneurial spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development, and they're going to move their business.
They connect young people with the resources they need, give us the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how he calls it, when he's created, transforms the way people see their city.
Adam hired the street kids to help rent and keep the motorcycles for him.
I gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the waiting period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people into entrepreneurs, they come up and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and the Peace Park than automated and``waiting periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adam Mountains, an area in the north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
And the forest forest.
The sun made the leaves glow as a virtual, and not to be the way we followed, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to pass that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a shed in a glass with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a trash, about four square feet with apple hearts and pull of aluminum paper balls, and old car . .
And I was stuck, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
Were the campaigns that were too lazy to get what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean their garbage?
That question followed with me, and it's just a little bit simpler.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how they organize or where they put the``ours ,"who clean our trash in Istanbul?
Who cleans our trash in Rio or in Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Santore Department clean our trash, which is about 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel to use the uniform and take that load?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city, and learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
He needed to go further.
So I started working as a trash collector.
Now not just travel in trucks . I drive them.
And I operated the mechanical cows and the snow bar.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong one is used quickly.
It costs a lot to use weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies kept looking at the weight of wearing their body tons of garbage every week.
There's also danger.
According to the Office of Labor Statistics, waste collection is one of the 10 most dangerous occupation of the country, and I learned the reason.
And you're coming out and entering the traffic all day, and they're going to switch around you.
They just want to happen, so generally the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers who often fall away from the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implant of garbage.
When you get out of the line and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And it's also stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic, because I believe strongly that waste gatherers are the most important work on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health drivers.
If you don't get rid of waste, efficiently and effective every day, this starts to get rid of your container and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries turn back and start to damage.
The economy needs you.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for what the engines in the economy start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointing out your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average daily speed.
So, I mean simply at the speed that we used to move in contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't repair, we clean or take our cup of coffee, our bag of the herds, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, forget about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that's going to take place from it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help you reduce stigma and put it into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost literal.
They're in the street every day, the rhythmic.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us except for ourselves, of our own waste, our waste, and that flow must always be kept in one way or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I heard the thick of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycled trail like he did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank him to do his work that particular day, but started crying.
And he looked at me and just nodded, and he said,``We're going to be okay.
We're going to be okay . ''
Shortly after that I started investigating the waste collection and I went back to that man.
His name is Paul, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to reconfigure the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of labor.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of waste in the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see somebody whose job is to clean the trash of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you, thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking in our community lives, forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and the local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and to me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals generates heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling.
In a city where this should not happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And third, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame coming from a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really carefully carefully, with the old market, which is this free air structure where thousands of people go, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a mall.
But the question was how to build a building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented to inspect the site, which is located in an area of much growth in the city, where much of the buildings we now see in the image, they didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this spreads with an inclined atrium that creates a free air space in the building that is supported by its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how to close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a concrete shell with drilling in order to allow the air input, and also in the light, but in a filtered way.
We then inspired in these beautiful buttons of the Ethiopian dresses.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little ready-made pieces that are the windows that let air go and light in a way controlled inside the building.
This is completely complementary with these little colored crystals that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a mall . It's not what we ask . ''
But in definition, we all realized that this idea of the market was much more profitable than the mall of the mall, because at the end, there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not just because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it was no longer necessary air.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first was to think about how to achieve energy self-assembly for the building in a city where electricity cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photos on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these pores on the roof, which in which they collect water for the sanitation inside.
It's expected for the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia City.
And to make a project that big, the biggest one I had designed, I needed not only understanding the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the measure, a 1,000 years structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors connected for almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand the existing streets, create 12 initial blocks similar in size and features that there is in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the networked doors with straight lines, and that modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would the best orientation for an apartment in Mediterranean climate?
And it's North America, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we suggested a scheme that suggests that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards, and then in the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that set a greater density on the upper levels and a lower density in the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project, is almost like retributing the community, the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socialize, and make activities such as running a two-year-old career in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally grow.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment, and they have as a goal connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had large amounts of hair, and a little piece of pencils, cute . It was super strong for the state capitals, very good for architecture.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister together.
I was a time after the school exit, and I was a little late, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, walked into the classroom, took on the table of my master's book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival, just a little bit, just some of them.
All of these things . And I was going to get the book back into the box, but, to see, some of my other teammates had very good grades as well.
So in a frenzy, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of them in Dots and myself a row of this, just for being there, because I could ...
I still surprise what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I was never caught.
It is that everything was deeply obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I'm smitten by the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for an impact.
I'm intrigued by jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so pervasive.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also primates . Blue birds are very likely.
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of spouses in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed loneliness, or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab that you study the jealousy in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, it would have no literature.
Well, there would be no philosophy, and there would be no``Odysseus . ''
There would be no jealous or``The thousands and a night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
The reading lists of reading school read, because we would be losing``The Noise and the Future ,"there would be no``Gates"or``party ."we would lose ourselves from``Madame Borrous"and``Anna K . . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Proust . I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of jealousy, almost all of them.
This year, it's 100 years old of his masterpiece,``In search for the lost time ,"the most exhaustive study of sex jealousy and also of ordinary competition, my, all we could have . And thinking in Proust, we have the sentimental details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magnetic huminor in the washing.
We forgot how hard that image is.
We forget about how important it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wool said they were as hard as cats.
I don't know what cat wheat is, but we assume it's a superhero.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and Photoshop.
Will it be very obvious as the jealousy, which is reduced to the person, their wish, to their liabilities, are they a very solid narrative?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details include, to wash the knife, right?
The jealousy makes us all amateur novelists, and that's something that Proust understood.
All that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh charm that Sousa detected in his lover, he adds his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sebastian and Proust, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, Proust's boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The jealousy is exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And how are the jealousy??
The jealousy is about information.
The jealousy uses the details.
The jealousy likes the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and little piece of pencils.
The jealousy is nurtured from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . Proust links the academic language with the jealousy of the jealousy.
When Sebastian is in his rut agony, suddenly he heard behind the doors and bribes to the services of his lover, then defending those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know that you think this is revolting, but it's not different than the interpretation of an ancient text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says,``You're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy is intractable, and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they're search for knowledge, search of truth, a painful truth . In fact, what Proust to focus, the more painful truth, the more painful.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss: These were the tracks towards the Punish wisdom.
He says,``A woman who we need, which makes us suffer, causes us to a range of more profound and more vital feelings that a wise man who can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity?
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very restless young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who did not look at what his wife did.
Well she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Does it smile too much? Is it a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the custody of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
Now, novels describe very well how the jealousy is made to look at intensity but no precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become the residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, jealousy leads us to make violent or illegal acts.
Cells drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at age eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard on the news.
A woman of Michigan of 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which you sent a message, horrible messages for a year.
For one year . Every year . .
She was trying to plug into the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, and I have to confess that when or this, he reacted with admiration.
Because, let's be realistic.
How big, although unfortunately, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a November High Patrick novel.
Highs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train"and``The talented Mr. Riffer ,"books that deal with how jealousy, confuse our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be perfect in an instant.
Take Tom Ripley, his most famous character.
Tom Riffer is going to work or want what you're going to take away from your self and to get out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor . It responds to your name, it takes your rings, it hits your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Island route.
I can't give you D to everybody, as much as I would like to.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in times of jealousy.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy? Right?
The novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to Baskerbaline Street and ask for Sherlock Holmes.
When people think about Hollywood, think of the launched curse in Professor Moriarty, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred [to]``Actually] Lester, the head face of Scott Yared who needs Hollywood desperately, needs Hollywood genius, but he bothers it.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
It needs its help, but the rest of it, and the bubble with bitterness in one of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Adventist Six Napsolamists ,"once Hollywood comes in, he goes to his solution, Letter goes back to Hollywood and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Holmes.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's no person at School Yared who didn't want to shake her hands.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood in history . It seems to me this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a Holly minute, it's on the opposite side of Lesotho.
The next minute, they're on the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the jealousy is really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we're allowed to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to relate from the greatness of the other.
We can deal with it.
But I like the contingency plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, remember that we have the fiction to comfort.
Only the fiction is decisioned the jealousy.
Fiction used to be the domain, invited them to the table.
And look at what I group: the Los Lesterfer sweet, the Atahi Ridge, the San Pick, the same Marcus Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of Apollo 11, and descended over the Sea of Taliban.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence on the gray surface gray was the culmination of a collective process . .
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization in peace time in American history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died, including the Apollo 1 crew.
But before the Apollo Apollo program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
They walked on their surface, which Aldrin after the death of Armstrong last year is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of back : 318 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 sacred later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why the moon?
Why do you turn it into our goal?
And you might also ask, why scale the highest mountain?
Thirty-five years ago, why fly about the Atlantic??
Why do you play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pontan: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on East War.
In the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder the transcendence of the powers of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trials.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the cops were eradicated and the smallpox removed.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Toxic in 1970 called``accelerating force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we could not go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flow flew at 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 crew, and the optimistic joy about the power of technology has evaporated when you see the problems that we imagine technology would solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to be intractable.
I remember watching Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you don't look at the escape tube, you get from the Saturn Saturday rocket.
I knew that this would be the last Moon mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology ,"has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We heard it over the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like technologists would have distracted us and had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a parish explanation in Silicon Valley, which trust you have created less ambitious companies than those of the years when Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprits, in concrete, the incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused that you change the creation of transformational ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong with Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their peak spot without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investments, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The Cyrus . They've always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need an enormous capital, and whose development is long-term . They've never invested in developing technologies to solve large problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and bioluminescence . Less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the biofuels.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties include development of alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal prices.
But there's no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy in the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seem technological, they're not going to be.
We know for the time that famines are the result of failure in food preparation.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food preparation, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war in 1971, but we soon discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistance to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders, and the population must want to solve the problem; institutions must actually support the solution; it must really be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve large problems, just meets those criteria.
But it's an organized model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's no global competition like in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who has been hard and dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction, like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become cliche in our society.
I think they're three.
The first is a claim: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second one is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third one is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the claim, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a claim, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all: why people think that trust has declined?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm inclined to think that it may have diminished in some activities or institutions, and that could have risen in others.
I don't know that.
But I can turn to the opinion polls, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has declined.
When you look at the surveys of opinion over time, there aren't many evidence of it.
That is, the people who were discontinued about 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half the way.
But is this evidence enough?
What opinion polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you register?
What you're looking at is the generic attitudes that manifest people when they're asked certain questions.
Does it trust the politicians? Trust teachers?
Now if someone would ask you,``Do you trust the vegetables?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you think about elementary teachers? ''
You probably start to ask,``To do? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, I trust some, but in others not . ''
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like a certain kind of official, functional, kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say that I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most talkative friend to keep a conversation, but not, maybe, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of the way trust is differentiated, why do we stop all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract ways?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to smell the good judgment in the fact that they trust something or something.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal I'm going to pursue.
I would try to have more confidence in what's meaning of trust, but not.
Ultimately, I'm a paradigm not to trust what is not reliable.
And I think those people who were defending their savings with the very closely named Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Conservation or denied confidence, that's the right goal.
Once you say that, that says, yes, it's worth, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is to do a trial about how reliable people are in certain aspects.
And I think that in order to do a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competitive in the inner materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we could not trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I would not trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they're flexible.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely dishonest.
If it's like that, I haven't been perceived.
But that's what we're looking for: confidence before trust.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and said,``Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper that's going to attend the game itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all our public lives, and institutional, that the accountability system that's destined to ensure trustworthiness and trustworthiness, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is to figure out the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the midwives, requiring them that``make the boxes"as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
All, all of that, by the goal.
I think the goal should be more reliability, and things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we would transmit people that we are trustworthy, and if we try to determine whether other people or officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's the judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, which doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
And I'll call the task rebuilding trust, puts things backwards.
It suggests you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we give them other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the good enough for you to trust you.
You have to be confident.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive, usually, to all people, all the time.
But you've also got to be able to bring out things that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's done every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store, where I buy my socks, says I can break them up without giving explanation.
I take them and get my money back, or I'm changing them by the color I want.
That's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you are trustworthy and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're aiming for is not a very hard thing to do.
What people trust is the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers, we have been struggling to reduce the separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the screen world where imagination can be done.
This separation has been reducing, increasingly and more, to such point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be like.
First created this tool that's inside the digital space, so that when the strong opinion against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels.
Designers can materialize their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, the barriers broke.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all of your hands?
In the Middle Science division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Cather Bounda, he redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital work area.
By combining a transparent glass with deep cameras to detect fingers and face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, to select them is as easy as taking a book from a shelf.
You can surf the book and you can highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come towards us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and returned things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual profession on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in the head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would a future like that?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hirstoring Israel and my collaborator Rhymel Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simplicity, what we did was we put gravity and control the movement by combining magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And by programming digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and get back and forever in the physical world.
You can teach, physically, physically, and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be reproduced as a physical reality, the times we wanted.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physics of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show you something, but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without having to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only boundary that remains our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hungame, China in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses pay.
But my mother tiger said,``No . . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a hot path towards happiness: a safe and good job.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young people to learn the acrobatics, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But there's no adults stuck with the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared, that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing that I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved another vocation.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It makes the books.
[" Company For Company"in Santon -- [`` Lesson His History"] [`` The History"] [`` History"] [I came to America ,"in 1995, and what were the first books here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
\" Good Earth"is about Chinese campaign life.
And it's not propaganda . It's understood.
The Bible is interesting, but odd.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``Honor your father and your mother . ''
\" Honest ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this confused guilt trap and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit.
A lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me, because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
The comparative reading is not something new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There's even research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contract, I offer academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to investigate, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
They can treat the people [`` Benjamin Franklin"] [`` John Adams"by David McGonaully] who were involved in one case, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the temptation is economic, politics and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The Road of Churn Tzu"Thomas Merchers] [`` The Road ."Alan Watson] Instead of losing me in translation, I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``quick joy . ''
And``girlfriend"in Chinese literally means``new mother ."Ohuka.
Books opened up a magic door to connect with people in past and present.
I know it will not be felt alone or impotent.
Having a broken dream is nothing compared to what many other people have suffered.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a broken dream can do that for you.
And it's thanks to books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So books are always joining them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first client of psychotherapy.
I was a documentary student in a clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using jeans and a baggy tower, threw on the couch of my office took off the shoes and said he wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a picture as a first client.
And I played a threat that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the cosmic stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy to just move my head while we were breaking the solution.
\" The '30s are the new 20s ,"he said Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working after, you get married later, you have kids later, until death happens later.
For speakers like Alex and I was a time.
But soon after, my supervisor press me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said,``Of course, he's coming out with guys under his category, he's going on with a headache, but it's not like he's marrying with him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``Not yet, but maybe it's married.
Also, the best time to work on Alex's marriage is before it falls . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 200.
Yes, people feel head after what was used, but it didn't make the Alex 200 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This did that, the 20th of Alex were the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and had real consequences, not just for Alex and his life, but for the careers, the families and the future pages everywhere.
There are 50 million pages in America today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody comes to adulthood without spending before the 200.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the veins here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you're working with speakers, you love a veterinarian, you take your dream, I want to see you . Amazing, incredible, the veins really matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at age 35.
This means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and moments``Aha ,"that shape their life will have happened when they're 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't get in panic.
This audience is going to be fine, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and it's reprogramming for adulthood, which means if there's something that wants to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s that at any other moment of life, and we know that female fertility comes to their top at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily and common life has a demolished impact on the person that will become.
But what we don't really hear often is there's something called adult development, and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the speakers are listening to.
newspapers speak about changes on the timeline of adulthood.
Researchers call the two an extended adolescence.
journalists put up ridiculous names to the veins like``sting"and``diagnostics . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a triviality that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think when you pat a veterinarian in your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition, and it's absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart, interesting veterinarians like you or your children and daughters get to my office and say something like this,``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that while I start a career before 30, everything will be okay . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20s are for finished, and I have nothing to show.
I had better blame the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts sound like this:``My dates during the 1920s were like the game of chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point about 30, the music was turned out, and everybody started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be stopped, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the veins here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but you don't get wrong, risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure at the top, and so many of them start a career, choose a city, choose a partner, and having two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that they start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything in the 1930s.
The middle crisis crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
Many of them, they see themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the speakers are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work in art or entertainment, but he couldn't yet decide, so I spent the last few years working as a memory . .
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend who showed more than ambition.
And despite living, about 200 very difficult, their previous life had been even harder.
He would cry often in our sessions, but then she got up herself by saying,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and crying for almost every hour.
He had just bought a new book for a director, and had spent the whole morning reading with his many contacts, but then he was looking at the empty space that goes after the words``emergency case, please call me . ''
I was at the point of the story when I saw me and said,``Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to care for me if I have cancer? ''
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not to say,``Aye . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really cared about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex and just sitting at the time the decisive decade of Emma was going forward.
So for the next few weeks and months, I said to Emma three things that every single fan, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
By capital identity, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity of identity generates capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that internal, of that company that you want to try.
I'm not looking at exploration, I'm distributing the exploration that I shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's protocoliticity.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are overwhelmed.
The best friends are great to take them into the airport, but the evidence that they put together with friends with similar minds are limited as they know, what they know, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes from its nearest circle.
New things come from what they call the weak friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the speakers have a bad job or no work.
But the other half is not, and weak links are the way that the group is.
Half the work created never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as I was going, Emma soon would choose his family, when he has a couple and for his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
You might think that the 30 is better age to sit head than 20 or 25, and I agree with you.
But choice to the person that you live now or you're going to get you now when everyone at Facebook starts to walk towards the altar is not progress.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you're at work.
Choice your family must be a conscious choice of who you want instead of just making it work or killing time with whoever you are choosing them.
So what happened with Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's a special organization of events in museums.
This married with a man who consciously chose.
He loves his new career, she loves his new family, and sent me a letter that said,``Now the spaces of emergency contact are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy, but that's what I love to work with vessels.
It's very easy to help.
The roofs are like airplanes coming out of the Los Angeles airport, which come out somewhere in the west.
Just before takeoff, a light adjustment in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or 25, and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good conversation, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the following years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the speakers that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege to tell you about emails like Emma every day: The titles are not the new 200, they're reconciled, they get identity capital, they use their weak bond, they choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in general consulting for a work that was even more demanding: the doctor.
I went to show mathematics to seventh grade students in New York City public schools.
And as any professor, I applied exams and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, I calculated the grades.
What struck me was that the I.Q . wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have I.Q . strategies.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things you need to learn in math in seventh grade, secure, are difficult: ratios, decisions, the area of a parallelogram.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for the time enough.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know is how to measure the best way to measure.
It's the I.Q., but what if succeeding in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn fast and easy?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who's successful here and why?
My research team and I went to military Academy West Point.
We tried to predict what chains would remain in military training and who would retire.
We went to the National Democratic Contest and we tried to predict what children will move the most far possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers still will be teaching for the end of the school year and of those, who will be the most effective to improve the learning outcomes of their students?
We partnered with private companies, asking, which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
And who's going to make more money? ''
In all these very different contexts, a feature arose as an important success prediction.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't the I.Q.
It was the determination.
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals.
Determination is to have resistance.
Determination is clinging to its future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working hard to make that future a reality.
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race to all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaires and then waited about over a year to see who they graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduation, even when I packaged them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or in the National Democratic Consequence where it matters . It's also in school, especially for kids at risk to abandon it.
The most shocking about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do you develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid work ethic?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is, I don't know . What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't go ahead with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, the overall determination is not related or is even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing children's determination is something called growth mindset.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Deck, and is the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dewey has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more . .
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to get wrong, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a cartography, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing us beauty, shape and shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreigner, it seems to be as imperative as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that whoever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and rapid method of learning Chinese might be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of each character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and easy way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth . .
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
People.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a front way,``Audience! I'm burning!"This symbol actually is original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
Tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple of doors of a song in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
These are building blocks to create a lot more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the old adage says, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying,``It was this big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is caught.
It's a prisoner, such as Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a board under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot . Easy to remember, because a tree tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . Serine.
A door . Put a board inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did, do someone at home?
This person is getting hidden from a door, escape, evaporation.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, they're careful.
So we've already spent almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow them to build 32.
The next eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the birth sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked on each other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because the Chinese employees were distributing their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become.
A mouth that tells you to go out is a output.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down from the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer from being dad is the movies that I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four, we saw the Wizard of Oz together.
The film mastered its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glass, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raise our children in a kind of industrial complex of childhood fantasy.
However, the Wizard's magician was an event itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a quarter of years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonists, a metal boy and a hairy boy rescued a girl dressed as the enemy guard.
Do you know what I'm talking about? Yes . .
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Wizard of Oz and all the movies we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Wizard of Oz.
Monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the Wizard of Oz were done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the saving of Oz as the prophecy I predicted . ''
You use magic shoes to defeat the army generated by the evil bubble.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Wizard of Oz is that the most heroic, wise characters, and even violent women are women.
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
I also had a son.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supervision level had gone down . So, he got rid of the room and he was impressed as a leg mom with his pathologists behind, and I don't think he understood what was going on, but, invariably, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what perceived.
Would they be value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would the sense of Luke get one to an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the Muslim of Oz , 1939.
How does Dorothy win his film?
By doing good crumbs with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up, OK, and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital F, force in the movies for our children, and so little about the road of yellow bricks?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
Now, I know for experience that the Lewis princess doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that is mixed . I think that at the moment of the first kiss, I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on breaking into the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and to defend Disney's princess to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, the kids, they're not really their target public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Hembran and Kansas, but they don't stop being war movies.
Of course, the most successful subject of all time continues to appear in classic after classical after classical after classical, each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who raised a girl.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out.
I recommend all of you . It's already available in stores.
Do you remember what the critic said when it came out courageous?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess.
It's very good . They don't let that stop.
Well, almost none of these movies happens the Berkeley test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still no roots and it's spread, but maybe we'll start a movement today.
Alisa Beetz is a comic strip, and in the mid-'80s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend about the evaluation of the movies they saw.
And it's very simple . There's only three questions that you have to do: in the movie, is there more than a female character than have lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in film?
Their conversations are about something more besides the boy that they like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you . Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet I'm seeing it in the film that we know and love.
And in fact, this week I went to see a very good quality, Argentina.
Right? Rubertons from Oscar, tag success, an idea of consensus of what a Hollywood film is.
Pretty much, it doesn't happen in Beijing's test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the hostage crisis.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding, and it's the great moment for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say,``Do you come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
Eleven . It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's okay.
But there's a larger number that is going to disappoint this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what I said.
In the United States, one in five women says that it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't believe the music videos or pornography are closely linked, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual abuse.
Who are those guys? What are those guys learning?
What don't you learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't speak?
Are we taking that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics, and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal like throwing power, and we hope that that helps, but I have to ask, do you have to protect it if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children so that they keep their own male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mostly parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is changing radically.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of home and asphalt.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character from Star Wars, you know what he responded?
Orange.
Orange Kenya and Glass.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories in which my son is told: Go and fight just and more stories where their job is to join a team, maybe a team leading for women, helping other people improve and be better people, like the Wizard of Oz.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that I would make luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered in sand, and it's hard to see.
However, over time, I got used to looking for them.
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and archaeology.
And finally, when I started studying Egyptian, I realized I will see with my own eyes, it wasn't enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up at one of almost 3,000 miles of length alongside the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared.
This is a place located in Eastern Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, in the naked view, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city called Italian, lost for thousands of years.
Italian was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Bay, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Einstein was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge deluge plan.
This area is enormous, it's about 6.5 per mile.
Before, the Nile flew right next to Italy, and as he changed over time, he moved into this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a city based on an extensive landscape?
Trying to find random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA topographic data to make a place of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile did.
But you can see more deeply, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, which we think might be the location of the Italian.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sampling work; you can see it here.
When I say sample, it's like the ice shows in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we seek human occupation layers.
Five feet below, under a thick layer, we find a dense layer of ceramics objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italy, five meters below, we have a layer of occupation for several hundred years that data from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Italy.
We also find jobs, carbon, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem to be not a lot, but when we think of the most common stones used in the Middle Empire jewelry, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense occupation of the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still didn't find Italy here, but we'll go back to the place in a nearby future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is the biggest of all the vacation.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So, apparently, TED was not founded in 1984 . C.
It makes ideas happen in 1984, C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's made.
Now they're looking at a group of obese nodes in bicycles.
They're competing in a cloud of bicycles, and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need to see this really.
They're getting strong, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide back against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying around, wheels that pass on the side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places . They pass the threshold of the door.
The lobby, the hallway, or what's on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light shining over the Monsolen of the Galapagos.
It's waving.
On a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
You can feel your blue hair making you tickle in the nose.
You can smell the oats of oats and it's about to get into the mouth.
Walk on the side and go into your living room.
Already in the room, and doing maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
He's a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center table, singing``Hitler One More Time . ''
Now let me get to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow brick path and from the oven comes to you Dorsen, the Mandari Man, The Twitter and the Len of``The Wizard of Oz ,"streamingly jumping into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that's taken every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Campaign.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess that this was like the end of a wise supercomputer.
There were several men and a few ladies from different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at it just once . .
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize most of the order of a chip deck.
And I thought,``This is amazing . ''
These people must be a phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories.
He said,``Ed, when did you realize that you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I'm not a wise.
I actually have a average memory.
Everyone who participated from this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We've trained ourselves to perform these miracles of memory using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years in Greece, the same techniques that Christ used to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I have heard from this before? ''
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed, who's a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit exotic, he said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize order in a deck of live beams, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not Britney Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something right? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what your potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called EC.
He's a natural, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Somebody incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allows us to see what point our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Peerlig . In him . He was based on the role of Dutch Hoffman in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent an afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing telephone guides; it was Centella.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties about written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Ancient and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained, disciplined, cultured memory wasn't a thing as rare as you can look at today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us culturally, and I would say that we've also changed cognitively.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained, disciplined, cultured memory is this very unique memory of memory.
It's not really that singular; there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College in London invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it going to have brains in some way, structural or anatomical different from the rest of us?
The answer was not.
Are you even smarter than the rest??
They gave them a little cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a MRI machine, they scanned their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and snowflakes, they found that in memory champions, they're lit parts of the brain, different than others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memorizing is driven as an armed career where every year comes someone with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Prime, three times champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 strokes of haphazard jewelry that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented, and he just mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,100 random binary digits.
Yeah . Yes.
And while there's a great amount of ways to remember things in these competence, absolutely all the techniques used at the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call``abstract coding . ''
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known as the``Bakerward ."`` Bardland] says the following: I tell two people to remember the same word . I tell you to you .``Remember there's a man called Baker . ''
That's his name.
And then I ask them,``Remember there's a``Baker . ''
And when I go back later, and I ask them,``Remember that word I told you a while? ''
\" Remember what was it? ''
The person who was told that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person was told that their job is``Baker . ''
The same word, different memory capacity -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Now, the name Baker, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
It's all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word``Baker"-- we know bananas.
They use nice white hats.
They have a flour in the hands.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we started putting a little bit of partnerships to fish them at a time later.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the``memory palace . ''
The story says,``There was a poet called Symbras that attended a bank . ''
They had hired him as entertainment, because before, if he wanted to give a very good party, he didn't bring a DJ, he hired a poet.
He stood up, he picked up his memory poem, and he marched, and so soon he went, the bank room collapsed.
I'm killing everyone.
But not only killed them all, but it destroyed the bodies by leaving them out.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similars, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with their minds of his mind, he could see where he had been sitting down every invited.
I took the family in the hand by bringing them into where their loved ones were among rubble.
What Simons warned at that moment is something we all know about more or less intuitively, and that is that no matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or instructions, the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and spatial memory.
If you asked me to take the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simons, it's very likely that it's very difficult to do.
But I would bet that if you asked them to say who was sitting on the brown horse in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory palace is to create this building with your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember . The more crazy, critical, funny, awe and an image is the image, more pervasive to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treatments, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk, and you want to do it from memory, the same way you would have done it to CEO, if you were invited to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And I'm going to identify some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy, unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely intact competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and seeing the Monology of the crackers mounted on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you'd see Britney Spears to remind you of that funny anecdote that you want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue they talked about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches, no word for word, that's going to confuse them but, typical by typical.
In fact, the term``typical"comes from the Greek``toys ,"which means``place . ''
It's a remnant of when people thought about the oratory and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase``first place"would be like the first place in its memory palace.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got it full of it.
I went to some of these memory competence and had the idea of writing something extensive about this computer of competitive memorized.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathologically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on testing . I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massage in front of it.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school yearbook bought in a flea market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
Never expected it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What's actually trying to do is to better improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, cartoons, provocative, insults, absurd and unlikely, in the eye of the mind.
I was very hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and a security goggles covered with tape leaving only two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year earlier . I had the idea that I could go into, in a kind of participatory journalist experiment.
I thought this could serve a good epilogue for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's cute to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build the memory palace or memorize cards, and to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it was an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we're deeply focused.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep process, a whole kind of attention that most of them can't be able to exercise around.
But the reality is there's no shortcuts.
That's how things are made.
And if there's something that I want to leave you with today, it's what E.O . I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence by losing the Blackberries or iPhones, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side . Are we going to be so smelly that we don't even bother ourselves in progress?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person you remember to remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll take a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from Ai Jersey, I was six and I lived there at my parents' house in a village called Livermistate, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that was giving the living room.
And there they all spent the time looking at the telly . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everyone would see me, and every time I walked out and I went back into a towel, everybody saw me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no division of areas, but from those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
So , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I'm telling you: you think about power,``stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it so that you're based on a building , 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a defense that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid solids, in front of the sea, removed from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build . Ununders and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we meet buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Libytine Public Library that ended in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round, columns, red brick, which let to communicate with this building -- the children, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have much to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library ended up, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries, are they so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works in the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation; architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life forms.
We push, we push and push so much, we're completely remote of people.
Every black, this depressing . You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go to the other side and reconnect with those learned symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we're all happy, but we feel like transportations, so we start experimenting again; we're doing the back of the back, we're doing the back of the back, over and over . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it's in the last
Well , 30 years ago we came out of the 1970s.
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called biologist . .
It has to do with concrete.
That can be guess.
So small windows, in a dehumanizing scale.
Something really hard.
So we zoom in at 80, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the pendulum back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like and we updated them.
We add a neon and we added cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give up.
We take Chapters Charley and turn them into skyscrapers, which can be mixed materials made of glass.
The shapes grew up, they won in audacity and they won.
The animals became columns.
The swans grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were 80, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
possibly with a symphony of bread sticks.
This is what happens with protester.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we get memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
Architects are frustrated, and we start to hide the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called description.
We dismiss historical symbols, and now we have new design techniques for computer, and we find new compositions -- some ways that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and entrepreneurial, and it's super popular; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the pendulum is scaling again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building opened.
It's the Bilamy of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when he critics, academics and public in general, were completely agreed about a building.
The New York Times was grading this building of miracle.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when the building ended.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spraglinity.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical, how do you become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media were galvanized around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
They did the same mayors in the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the new millennium happened with other stars.
It happened to Zambia and Liberia, and what happened to these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to pass through all architecture . digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to walk up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is speeding up: you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The technology accelerates . You can see in newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we're all architecture photographers, and the building is beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and in that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before we know that the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we meet buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen . I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete, steel or elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to the media, it starts to swing faster and faster, until you're going to be on both extremes almost simultaneously, and it's effectively drawn the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you, the audience.
Now we can make them almost instant, emotional charge, something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to substitute this building that was fire.
This is the center of a village called Pines in Fire Island in the state of New York.
It's a vacation community.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly to the end product, there were no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people began to get and share it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that one made of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes copies with collective memory, and by carrying these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Libraria libraries.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in search for new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
Ministries that can lead to the mayor of Live, the people in Livermistature, and tell them that there's no unique answer to what a library is today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and you're no longer a devil audience that doesn't accept something that you haven't seen before . .
Architects can listen, and you can't be invited by architecture.
That means that the pendulum of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find some adequate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seville can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn may be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because eventually we will be ready for the ways they're going to produce.
That means the buildings attached to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even you can marry in the night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars from the surrounding community around that cause, it's no longer a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of remotes, as muscular and fibrous as the animals you're going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
No matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make buildings more ecological, smarter and more friendly.
We've been waiting for you all.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect, track it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings don't just reflect our society, but they give shape to the smallest spaces: local libraries, homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stallow.
He just turned a year and he started walking.
And it does that in that great, typical, typical way of a year's children, remarkably, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally precious.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is look in the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It laughs and squeaks, and it gives itself these big and huge kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this and my mom told me that I used to do it, and made me think, when do I stop doing this?
How are we suddenly not to taste with our appearance?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people are looking for Google,``Am I am ugly? ''
This is Fay, she's 13 years old and lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, he just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It's got a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though your mom tells the whole thing that is beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Between what your mom says, and what his friends, or school partners say, don't know who to believe.
So he makes a video of herself, he publishes it on YouTube, and he says to others, please leave a comment,``Am I'm nice or am I ugly? ''
Well, until now, Fayza has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disgusting, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager who receives these answers in one of their most vulnerable lives emotionally.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it doing that?
Well, the teenagers today almost never are alone.
They're under the pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, chatting, saying,``I like ,"commenting, sharing, publishing, it never finishes.
Never before we've been so connected, continuously, instantly, so young.
As a mother said to me,``It's like a party in your room every night . ''
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go in your hand with that are implanted.
This environment, to be always connected, is advising our children to save us based on the number of``liking"number that they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what is not.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated.
What is the most destroyed in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are cover from the girls' news.
Close logging models continue to dominate our passports.
The technician's technique is now a routine.
And trends like: #toxin, to blood, to block and.
For those of you who know it, it's very profitable.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what young people compare.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like those of the superheroes of the sports and the remote singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and are incredibly balanced individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they're not beautiful enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they avoid engaging in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect.
One in five are not attending class at all during days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you're seeing enough enough, specifically if you don't believe that you're thin enough, you'll get a little note at the average of your fellow partners who don't worry about it about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, the United States and China.
And it's regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, for it to be clear, we're talking about you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem about its body is debiling academic performance.
And it's also detrimental health.
Teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diets that can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all about what they make decisions more risky, like alcohol and drug consumption, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and no self-expression and self-expression.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing healthcare, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they're overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have higher assignment rates.
17 percent of women don't introduce a job interview in a day that they don't feel safe with the way they look.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
Liberation is about interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, it doesn't take you too far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that our children follow not only will have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six ways are crucial parties points for anyone to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires each of us that we take on the issue in the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell with the contribution of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts, or instantly that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look.
All of us can begin by making responsibility by the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you,``When was the last time you had a mirror? ''
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing all their people, valuing the individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a pedestal.
By making a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that go out on the big screen because we'll create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe they can never be seen from being who they are, or to achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for somebody in your lives.
Who are they in mind?
Your wife?
Your sister?
Your daughter?
Your niece? A friend?
It could just be the woman who's about two seats away . What would mean for her if he was released from that surfing voice inside, who haunts him for not having long legs, thinner museums, a flat belly, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we were to do this, and we would say to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is bringing us all together.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's show that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools . .
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trains of an age of age today are converted into secure agents themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5th , 1990, a gentleman named Elizon Host entered a hotel in Manhattan and murderer Mr. Kaha, the leader of the Defense Department of Defense.
They initially declared it innocent, but being prisoner by other minor charges, in company from others, started planning attacks to about 12 New York Indians in New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Fortunately those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 at the World Trade Center could not be avoided.
Later Hospita would be convicted by his participation in that attack.
Elizabeth Hasha is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania , 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, elementary school teacher, between the two, made all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started changing.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims, come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there's always a small fraction of people who are so closely clinging to their convictions that think you need to use all possible media so that everyone lived like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained that in the last weekend, he and some friends, they had been going to Tim Island, to practice.
He said I would go with him the next day.
We came to the Pullet Canal police that, without knowing our group, was blinding by the FBI.
When I played to pull, my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder and explained to me how to aim the target at about 30 meters . .
That day, with the last bullet that I gave him to the little orange light on the target and, for the surprise of all, especially me, all the goal was in flames.
My uncle turned to others and in Arabic, he said``Iran airbor . ''
Such a child.
Everybody, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a run with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking stream of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurting another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them``smoke ,"which means you.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times, that instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to somebody, it was a moment of packing and going to another city.
Because it was always me the new face of class often was killing victims.
I had a secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of class, silent and respected, it was enough ammunition.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I did not develop social skills, to say it gently.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking was during presidential elections of 2000.
In a college program that I participated in the Jewish National Convention in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the theme of youthful violence, as I had been a video killing, almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had done friendship was Jewish.
It took several days to go out to the light, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend, and frankly I felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was unfortunate.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life, I had taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all the homosexuals were bad influences.
By accident, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical ones I'd seen in life.
Having been bullied, I developed a sense of empathy to others' suffering, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly how I would have wanted to be treated.
So that feeling was able to hire the stereotypes that they had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that's being gay, but I do know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Daily Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest to my intolerance, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my paternal figure at a moment where I was desperate to need it.
Occasionally, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life that my own father, extremism, was not in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something to conserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with somebody who has suffered enough, and he had enough diamond, and he said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep that inside your interior.
My real name is not Zake Broadening.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone, one day, who's trying to lead to violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, that even though I was given to this violent and intractable ideology, I didn't get to make me fake.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism, I'm going to talk, against those acts of sense, as rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple, I'm talking about here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the roads of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much . Thank you very much.
At this point there is a film that's projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multi-looking film.
It's in 3D, and it has sound sound that you hear and you see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has scent, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it's constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thought flow.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your awareness of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being existence.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I'm not sure you're conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why are we not just robots that we're doing to produce outcomes without experiencing the inner film?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there may never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost everything the 20th century, I predict that vision.
Psychology studied behavior objectively, the neuroscience studied the brain obviously, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then , 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said,``now it's time for science to address consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flowering of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this kind of wonderful work that Nancy Kanzi presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain to consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of brain do and what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I didn't address the real central mystery of this matter: Why all in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective film?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become an emerging phenomenon like bottles, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical sufferings are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the bottles operate, how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce, they adapt and they metabolize living organisms . They're all questions about the objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm an heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the submarine that works, for a long time, hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we get stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful, great explanations . We get used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something we need to integrate in our worldview, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no difficult problem in consciousness.
The whole idea of internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do is explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea we need to explore if we want to have a purely reductionist awareness theory, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time that remains, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties don't explain in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they're considered fundamental, and the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is alleged.
In the 19th century Maxwell discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, Newton's laws, so I put the basic laws of electromagnetism, and put electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we meet with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then because of logic, you have to raise the list.
The most natural would be to put awareness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to make it scientifically.
So what we need is to study fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we could put them into a branch.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could scan them in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws they are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a sense of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called spanishing:``Pan ,"for all,``psyche"for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes of Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or thinking.
It's not that a photon can be full of distress when you think,``Oh, always travel at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No, no.
But thinking is that maybe photons can have some element of raw, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This may sound a little crazy for you.
How would someone think something so crazy?
This is part of the first crazy idea, which consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems illogical, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking with the physical process is linking awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's awareness.
complex information processing, as in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Giuliani Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it rigorously with mathematical methods.
It's got a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called the fish, that measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I suppose it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration, a high degree of fish, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse, there's a middle degree of information integration, equally significant, very important awareness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the girl's degree goes.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tonya's theory, there will still be a different level of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degrees of child, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that space-time can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it's not talking about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explains,``Where does the fire come from? ''
From the particular vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not outside of physical world as a kind of additive.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, angular vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have social and ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetarian.
If you're a panic and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that I think about it, this tends to transform your visions, while what matters in ethical terms and moral considerations, is not both the fact that consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers . .
What about the Samanta artificial intelligence system in the movie``Hey"movie?
Is it conscious?
According to particular information vision, she has a complicated information processing, integrated, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, they're set up very serious ethical problems about the ethical development ethics of intelligent computer systems and ethics.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collective, planet.
Does it have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now, we have a collective TED conscience, an internal film for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that must take seriously.
So this particular view is a radical view, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is something fundamental, than the second one, that it's universal.
The vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a serious awareness theory.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't expect to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will find it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, low education.
I went to school, I joined my friends, fighting me with my younger sisters.
It was all very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She hasn't got anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, had good grades . After school, I had a low profile on my mother's hair, and spent a lot of time looking at the``Buffett Sea"series and``Dasan's Creek . ''
Yeah, I know . What contradictions.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melbourne, just about 20 minutes in the 11 class of legal studies a boy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when will you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What do you talk? ''
Well, I had been talking about the law of disability for good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivational discourse.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the acts of acts . ''
And it was then when I realized, this child had had experiences with people with disabilities as an inspiration objects.
And we're not . And it's not a blame of the guy, it's true for many of us.
For us, people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our hands.
We are not real people . We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you're waiting for you to inspire you . Right? Yes.
Well ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to disappoint them.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied in relationship to disability.
Yes, they've been sold that disability is something wrong, A capacity, M capital.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more, this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is invented ."Actually.
Or this:``Before I left, I think! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with orchild fiber prosthetic legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately, because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we challenged the disabilities in the benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think,``Well, for a very bad life, I could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that have been strange to me, wanting to express that they believe I'm courageous or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my job had a public profile.
It was as if I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name, and this is to make.
These images, those images make people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
So, we had some things.
But the things that we hope is not the things that you might think.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very angry with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned to pull the best out of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything outside.
They're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to do that in the way we do that, by sharing those images?
When people say,``You're an inspiration source ,"it says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lying, because it's been sold that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here scanning the inspiration, and you think,``For God, Stephen, are you not sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I'm.
Learning from other people with disabilities at all times.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
Learning that this is a great idea to use some barbecue hangers to collect the things that are falling down to me, learning the ingenious trick of how to charge the cell phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that except and us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us difficult.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's lies is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a staircase has never made it become a ramp.
Never . smiling to a television screen will not appear the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and irrationally broken a positive attitude to convert all those books into the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching``Burkhon The Sea Sea"is not able to deserve no deserve of anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of the people with disabilities that we're happy to get away from the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree child in a high school in Melindamin is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
Disability doesn't make us exceptional, but question what you believe to know about it, it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a child without charge?
Unfortunately, I just answer one of those questions, so please don't get rid of it.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about``Minority Report"and in Tom Cruise command the hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know that, because it's augmented reality to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality?
The first step is what I'm wearing: the Google Glass goggles.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows them to see what I see.
It will allow you to experience what is a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what's running through the game camp at 100 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a hundred pounds of a pound, trying to engage with all of its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing pleasant.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass is under the helmet, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NFL practices, because the idea of emerging technology is a submarine coming up on the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Klein: Come on.
It's horrible to be atomid.
A moment . Let's zoom in.
Ready?
Go!
Chris Klein: As you can see, it's a problem of what is being caught in the football field, from the perspective of the machine.
You may have realized that people are missing, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, courtesy of University of Washington.
Field Marian: Mathars 54! 54.
Blue 8, Blue 8! Come on!
Chris Klein: This is a little more to the feeling, but it has nothing to do with being at NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and Twitter:``You can see from the angle of a field marine.
Or a runner?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get from full, how do we take it to the next level?
We take it to that level using something called the Oxytocin Rift, which surely many of you know.
The Oxytocin Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap . .
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh!!
No, no, no!! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh, my God! Ah!!!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain, and by his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video by Adrian Peters crossing the line, getting rid of a tablet with the arm before running and making an notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Mushroom running through the room, launching the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Fermine doing a pack in Wimbledon?
What will be your experience when you descend from a mountain to more than 100 miles like an Olympic skier?
Maybe you get the sales of adults for adults.
But this is not really augmented.
It's just virtual reality, R.
How do we achieve augmented reality, rotated?
We will get augmented reality when the coaches, the blocks, and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief report on technology at NFL.
In 1965, Baltimore Portugens put a move to their field heat to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radios into the hull of field hosts and after the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2003, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see your next player showed in front of you, in a plastic display that you're wearing . You won't have to worry about trying to forget a play.
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And coaches want them because if they don't follow their instructions, they're lost, and they hate losing parties.
If you lose parties, you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just an improved strategy manual.
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game.
What would it do?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the people who are down.
You also get information sensors and accelerators, something you're working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will send you.
The bad ones will have overload.
This is to differentiate the good teams of evil.
So, your computer team will be as important as your scouts, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It's going to be also for sports . Who would have imagined it?
What would it be in the field?
Imagine that you are the field marathon.
You get the bullet and you get back.
You're looking for an open receptor . All of a sudden, a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight, you warn you that a defense behind you is going to attack you . Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Rod system is avatar.
You move into the protection area.
Another flashlight is, you know, it's an open receptor.
But you would melt the ball.
The ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land . However, the receptor sees in its bombsight an area of grass that lights up and it can modify the race.
It's approaching, it grabs the ball, running and it done.
The audience goes down and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that creates massive emotion in the party.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, do we want this the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment??
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally, to be somewhere else.
We know what this technology is worth for sports leagues.
It generates billions of revenue a year.
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being pursued?
How much is it for a Hadao Commercial or a Neil Dead Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than quarterly and Karakan notes?
Ladies and gentlemen, augmented reality approaches.
The questions that we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retire after 23 years of service at the Higgs patrol of California.
Most of those 23 years I spent the southern end of the County County in Marion, including the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Strauss, head engineer, commissioned to build the bridge, said that,``The bridge is practically proliferation-proof.
suicide from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from their openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you think that traveling between the two towers will take them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, so that the fall from it frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that happen under cleaning your soul.
But let me tell you what happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a drop of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which they drill vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
The ones that don't normally fall in the helpless water and then get drowned.
I don't think that the people who have this suicide method realize the death machine that they will face.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there's 32 parallel steel inches on the bridge.
This is where most people are standing before they take their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very hard to bring back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who play suicide, but the officers also.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officials.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when I received a call from a possible suicide subject sitting on the center near the center.
I responded, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an officer of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here twice before New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, we asked if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology, Jeff created Pandora, and sent it to Earth with a box, and said,``Never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
It came out of plants, penis, and all sorts of bad men against man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there's no hope? ''
A few instances stopped, he leaned on the right, and he went.
This nice, smart guy in New Jersey had just taken away life.
I talked to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The collateral damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask them these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out suicide?
What would you say?
Did you know what to say?
In my experience, not only to talk, but you have to listen to.
Listening to understand.
You don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
You can just be there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid of facing them and asking the question.
One way of asking them is,``Others in similar circumstances have thought about ending their life; you've had these thoughts? ''
To confront the person in front can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to search: despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve; impotence, believe that there's nothing you can do about it; recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple days ago, and he's with his permission and blessing that I read.
\" Hello, Kevin.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty sensitive, but noticing more moments to really realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the police officer, and I reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported that Mike's car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at the 125 o'clock in the afternoon.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental illness?
It should not be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with your fight.
The GDP, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a pass through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Viki . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, it responds to a radio call by a possible subject suicide on the sidewalk near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Bertrand, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed the railing, and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the next hour and next half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What did it make you go back and give you hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``I hear you.
You let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
\" Dear Mr. Brights, Nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you are one of the reasons that Kevin goes on with us.
So honestly, I think Kevin was clear for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been correctly measured.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all the hereditary traits, but, thanks to God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
Honestly with you, New Bertrand . ''
And at the end she writes,``Piece . When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you signed like the patient.
\" Wow, I had to solve it! ''
Today, Kevin is a loving, active father of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather is suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing its own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide does.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, would not think about hurt another person.
You just want your own pain to come up.
Typically, this is just about three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man I talked about about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three occasions.
At the end of the end, I looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I jumped.
Awful, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact on that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and living and you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that at the second they left the railing, realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not just Mandela connected with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and every one of us must strive to do.
Suicide can prevent.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your interior you know what you are, and a question is marked: How do you become that?
I have to be unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, I'm not alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had since had a child.
My exterior finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, which I'm going to refer to you later, when I look at this picture, I think,``Great George, get it, get it . ''
But last October, I found that, barely, I'm starting.
We all love our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some have the value to liberate, to get rid of the limitations imposed by skin color or by the beliefs of who they surround us.
These are people who always defy the status quo, what is considered.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was registered as``child"at birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to help myself.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dared to share my story, not because I would think that being what I'm bad, but how the world treat those of us who want to liberate.
Every day I thank you to be a woman.
I have mom, dad and a family that accepted me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess, the god goddess.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: This is the kind of woman I'd like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still wore man, I met this woman called T.
It's the director of a transgender beauty competition.
I was like,``Why haven't you been involved in the beauty competition? ''
He told me that if he participated she would be commissioned from the spending and the costume, and that night, he won a bathroom suit, he won a gallon suit, and he was third of the end of 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, it was inside the world of the beauty courts.
Not many people can say that their first work was from the beauty of transplant women, but I can . .
I also met the disaster goddess, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly than all of that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they were approved my green card application that I could go to live to the United States.
I was resistant.
I told my mother,``Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then, two weeks later, I called me, and he said,``You know if you moved to the United States, you can change your name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two``and"to my name.
She also joined me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of Thailand's most rural cities, they perform the most prestigious, sophisticated, secure surgery.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before we changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the Gene Gender and the female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity documents means being able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me was the license to live, to feel dignified.
Suddenly, my fears looked mixed.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think of this woman of Momman Netherlands.
A young New York City woman who basically lived his truth, but he would end his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November we make a global vigil for the Mozambia Model of the Transome.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who fight and stood in front of the injustice.
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, or fear . .
I'm here, exposing, so some day there are no longer 20-year-olds in November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT Schulz: Seven, a quick question.
Gwen Rock: You see, first, thank you all my blessings.
To my support network, my parents especially, my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women, I've heard, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that assumption doesn't square, and there should be a space that allowed people to support, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is getting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter, and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were hunted in 2011, by focusing the Jewish Prize of peace, he became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm her father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when a girl is born, his birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome, not by your father, or your mother.
The neighborhood comes, he gives his condoms to the mother and no one happy the father.
And a mother got a lot overwhelmed for having a girl.
When you give birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, it's shocked, and, with a son's hope, when it rains his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffers, but the daughter, the newborn daughter, when it grows, it suffers too.
At age five, when I should go to school, stay at home and school admit to their siblings.
Until the age of 12, somehow, it has a good life.
You can have fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move on the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes in the adolescence, when he served 13 years, he's banned to leave his house without a male machine.
It's confined to the four walls of your house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if they transfer the code of that honor, he could even kill her.
And it's interesting that this concept code of honor, not only affect the life of a girl, also affects the lives of the male members of the family.
So this brother, he sacrificed the joys of his life and happiness of their sisters in name of honor of honor.
And there's a role more of the patriarchal societies.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very sum.
It's the criterion.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet and accepts the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want . .
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, it's got to accept it, because it doesn't want to be hidden.
If you're very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it debate.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet,``The married, the finish, and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
Dear brothers and sisters, when Malaysia was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, I was extremely honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi in Maidu, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote,``Malawi . . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years, I admitted her in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention the admission of a girl in a school?
Yeah, I must mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the child's life.
Writing in a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
An admiration to school means that he has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where he can explore their potential for their future life.
I've got five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was trying to get the Canadian bombsight, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the surname of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I've never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or their daughters, I thought he had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sandwich of my daughter.
I was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go with different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to increase them in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malawi.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for emancipation.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of the obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called honor.
Dear brothers and sisters, we fought more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, particularly for women's rights.
It's called the Taliban.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to the markets.
Musicians were silenced, the red girls and the killed singers.
They suffered millions, but a few talked, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and store when you speak for their rights.
It's really frightening.
At 10 years old, Malaysia got up and lifted for education right.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, she was offered herself for the New York Times documentary, and spoke on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October 9 , 2012, they were shooting in the head.
It was a fateful day for my family and me.
The world becomes a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was arguing between life and death, I whispered my wife,``Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And I immediately said,``Please don't blame you.
It was the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of the peace, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you joined.
They were both on the right path and God protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and had severe pains and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm fine with my top smile and the excitement in my face.
I'm going to get good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and we're telling us.
Dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist in the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cries when he's not finished.
He fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What's special about my tutor who has been so audacious to Malawi so brave, expressive and eventually? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't.
I don't cut their wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and, from that day, the brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineering.
And I want to tell you that recently I joined the Moonstructure group of Google, where I've had a split to my charge, the division of Google X visualization, but all the work I'm talking about today about brain science, I did it before I joined Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you go to a brain operation.
Are you still the same intelligent or not?
Doesn't it be like that, can you be smart?
After neurosurgery, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what quantity to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them to, to live with life.
More than once I've saved me.
But luckily, I have a soul of experimental, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes, and I was surprised to see how small changes in the doses changed my self-assembly, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried a little bit of typical doses and chemicals for a man of 20s, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and -- of course, many times in the past, I've met various kinds of guys like that, or maybe some of them.
It turned out like an end.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a lot of insecure, fixing a problem that I had in front, and just not that.
So, I couldn't handle it.
It changes my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key point of reference: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to do it, testing new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Philosophers like Hume, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who are questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . For me, it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invisible thinking.
So after several years, I'm able to find the point right, and I have lots of great mental images, really, very sophisticated, very structured and well structured.
Now, I'm working on how to get these mental images from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use its imagination just to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people creative can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image of functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by Georg Gangery and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as imagined, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by restoring the central column of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost zero.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining seeing that same picture is almost zero.
Now, let me share you another experiment . This is from the Jack Gallery lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into recognizing visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they scanned their brains to create a big deal of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, they were shown a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan, decided to show what it seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer documents, and on the left, the video that was shown.
This blew us up.
We're okay close to doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you create the same map.
This was done with brain scanning systems of the world's largest resolution today, and their resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is opening the skull and introducing electrodes.
I'm not offered for that.
Many of them are proposing new imaging techniques for images, even me, counting with the recent MRI result, first we should ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not rise for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets, make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different fixes, like making a spectrograph.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a large amount of effort in MRI were to make real big magnets, right?
However, most recent breakthroughs were reported by resourceful and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the transfer and FM radio receptors in MRI systems.
In turn, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use strategic magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequencies.
So, by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FMRI radio processing processing, we can increase massively the information that can be extracted in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
Using MRI, we should be able to measure not only the blood fluid, but the hormones and neuroscientists I've mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could take Alzheimer's cure and disease.
We have a few choices more than open this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have closet.
Their closet may be telling some person for the first time that love or telling someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life.
Every closet is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of living and having come out of that closet is universal.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked at the South Side Wolfram Copy, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases from the intensity of liberal military: not to scratch my armpits, quote the letters of Ann David France as a litany.
And I'm going to be glad that by the hole of my short pants, and for me to shave my head recently, I would say,``Hey, are you guys or girl? ''
And it would appear a uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would get my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a blade of rage.
The father would immediately surf the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I would say nothing, and I would boil inside.
And I got to the point every time I went to a place where there was a boy between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time I was ready, and I was about to go in full of the female issues on the table . I had the Betty Friedman quote.
The Gold Steinem quote.
Even a snippet of the``Vagina Monologues ,"I would show.
So, I breathe my breath, and I went down, and my backs and a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist deadline, just a girl with a question,``Are you guys or girl? ''
So, I was breathing back again, I put myself from books near her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I've got the short hair like a kid, and I saw boy clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me staring, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is purple and it has a fish.
Can you give me a pack, please? ''
And that was all .``Oh, OK, you're a girl.
What's going on with the package I asked? ''
It was the easiest conversation of everybody ever had.
And why? Because the girl's girl and I, both of them, were honest with each other.
So, as many of us, I've lived in some closet in my life, and yes, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the darkness, you can't know what color is.
You only know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than you or yours or yours.
Surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why to come out of my closet was harder than coming out of your own, but this is the issue: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has declared in broken bank is harder than saying that it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is more difficult than telling your five-year-old son that you're going to divorce you?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop classifying what's hard about what's difficult for someone else to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we must only feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
Somewhere in our lives, we all live in closet, and they may make sense, or at least safer than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what your walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, that had a horse tail, a dress and shoes.
It wasn't the militant lesbian prepared to fight any four-year-old child who would go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, curled in a corner of my dark closet by putting my gay grenade, and moving only a muscle is the most terrifying thing I ever did.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was going around.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't launch that grenade, I'll kill you.
One of my most memorable grenade launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that I was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, in my black dress and taxes, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were, people who knew me were years old . .
And after talking a moment, one of the women screamed,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the gay narrative battle had started.
\" Aah, were you ever in the Castro? ''
\" Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never been there, but we heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Aah, you know my anti-A-rayashin style?
It's very good, and it's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
\" Ash, what's your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who loves? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but in hopes to show desperately his support, to make me know that he was on my side, he finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as all of the grenade launchers.
Surely, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt messed.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were striving.
And what else can you ask for someone, but to strive?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anybody who I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Big Nations.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but understand that what it involves out of any closet is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take your armor . Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct.
If you know they're gay, give them.
If you say to your parents who might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
It's never apologize for that.
And some can get safe wounded, forgive them for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not yours.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark closet by putting a grenade, you must know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the candle.
Intelligence, what is that??
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Edison Diros that``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the subject of a submarine can swim . ''
When Ed Dickets wrote this as a critique to the pioneers of I.T as Alan Turing.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try and understand fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth's Earth and neuroscience or intelligence of Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that has no concept of intelligence on Earth, it would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain time in time, the asteroids that demolish the surface of a planet, mysteriously stop doing it.
And that's why I claim that this is the same question as the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I did several years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, that would be, I think, to a only underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked for a number of years now: Is there a mechanism underlying the intelligence that we could extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of an E = my intelligence that I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keeping choices open, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an impending future, tone.
In a nutshell, the intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Does the level of human intelligence predict?
Does artificial intelligence predict?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more messy or entropy, for their life should be tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that synthetic cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find it, we developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is inside.
Surprisingly, English could spend multiple intelligence tests, play human games, and even make money trading action, all of it without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of European in action.
Like a foot of foot without falling, here we see Electrolux balancing a post using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave Electrolux a goal.
He simply decided to balance the pole.
This ability to balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by throwing opposite opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that English can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
English is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of Pong against itself, illustrating its potential for play.
Here we see English organizing new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keep successful network connected.
This same capability of network also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see English organizing the routes of a ship fleet, discovering successfully and using Panama's Canal to expand its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, English is widely applicable to anti-polluting, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously discover and run a business strategy, solid in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing the assets under its administration . exponentially.
This skill management ability will have broad applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Wismin: What you've seen is that a variety of set of intelligent cognitive behaviors as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, they all derive from a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
Let's go back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the``RIA"-- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
Machines get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then megawatts and trying to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle that the overall intelligence can actually arise to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of objective.
They often ask me,``How is it that looking for goals to get rid of this kind of frame? ''
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call home.
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
NASA's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which means that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data picked by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are between them and their mother star.
In ensemble, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also how much light they receive from their suns.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is shrinking under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the hottest record.
Glaciers and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused globally have overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomer.
I study the planet's habitat influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for extraterrestrial opportunities in the developer sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for the Earth, the more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets we know better: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars . .
Mars is small and rocky, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world, shown this for a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly, that's why we study Mars so much.
Our pathways like the Curiosity track their surface in search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit, like the MAV mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not only short space flights, but also the tempting chance of living on Mars.
But even though all of these Mars images remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the rest areas of our planet that still remain to colonize, really exuberant places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and more elevated places from the Earth, the air is fresh and full of oxygen exhaled by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other air planets with a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this only planet that we know is truly habitable, the Earth.
As much as I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm deeply disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but saying that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine the captain of the Titanic will be able to tell us that the party actually will be more late in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for interplanetary exploration and the Earth preservation don't contract.
No, they're actually the faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like alien plants.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile and inhospitable zones of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment: the Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked: realizing that our universe has been around for a long time ago, and we hope there's a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence from the existence of extraterrestrial life until now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced enough to consider to keep living between stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interplanetary colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support Mars's hostile environments for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the habitat on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, he could see the window that they were at the dining table, where he had left them.
So quickly, I tried to open up all the other doors and windows, and they were all fine closed.
I thought I'd call a server, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a server could take a long time to get, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had a flight early to Europe to the next morning, and I was accurate from my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I'm sure not more expensive than a half night, so I thought, in spite of circumstances, I was going well stop.
I'm a professional neuroscientist and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
It releases cortisol rate that increases heart rate, modulate levels of adrenaline and nuclear thinking.
And when I got to the factory show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in the place, that they prevent bad things happening.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that we minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but until a month later, my thoughts don't crystallize.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kanzania, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I talked about it broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a professional profile.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years before, also known as the precursor.
They all know what we're photographically.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the premises, as Danny explained, you look forward and trying to figure out all the things that could go wrong, next, try to figure out what it can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a commodity.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, to take a place for the things that are easily lost.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where it's the good, where the fish, which drives fruit trees, where wildlife tribes are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's grown in the London taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the wild sense of the squirrels, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys of the car, reading glasses and passports.
So at home, they make a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative plate.
For your passport, a particular box.
For your reading goggles, a particular mass.
If you take a place and you're structured with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit card, license to drive, pass, send it to yourself so you're in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
cortisol is toxic and entrepreneurial thinking.
So part of the early practice is to recognize that under stress we won't be at the best, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you're faced with a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or one being loved, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical effect.
But this is made as a forecast for all medical decisions, and in fact for the financial decision-making and social decisions, any kind of decision that you need to take from which you benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose they go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack, stroke.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to prescribe a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol, a stadium . . ''
And maybe you've heard about the states, and you know that it's one of the most respected drugs in the world today . It's even likely to meet people who take them.
So you think,``Yes, let's get the status!!! ''
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask from which most doctors don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number need to treat.
What is this, the NSA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or to take a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of discarded statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not make me something if he wasn't helping me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like that.
And it's not a fault of the doctor, and if it's someone's fault, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But glamour estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only from 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number need to treat the most widely prescribed state, what do you think is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This was according to the research of cynical researchers Jerry Grouphat and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, stroke or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think,``Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol complaints.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you should ask for a more statistics, and it's,``Talk about the side effects ."Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: debilitating pain muscle and articulate -- sensitive pain, but now they think,``Five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember, under stress don't think about clarity.
So think of how they look at this over time, so they don't have to make the reasoning chain on the act.
300 people take the drug, no? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that you help you.
I don't say they should or not take the statue.
I just say you have to have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have right to access this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take your risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value value, but actually this number need to treat it is pretty typical.
For surgery that's more likely to be done in the men over 50, prostate of prostate for cancer, the number need to treat is 49.
That's what it is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the importance or the erectile dysfunction, urinary incontinence, straight game, fecal incontinence.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects only will last a year or two.
So the idea of the premises is to think about time the questions that you can plan to make the conversation forward.
You don't have to do this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain at the end?
These are the things they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change your opinion in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happens at that point is that they get off a lots of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, it's not necessary the digestive system, or the libido or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast . They could be the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational legal thinking, like Danny Kanglia and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all flawed.
We're all going to fail once.
The idea is to think about the future, how they might be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize harm, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Brought up the snow night in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key of the gate door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered, and lots of emails I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pia,``P"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to play more softly.
Two ,"even more gentle.
Four ,"extremely soft.
This is my drawing of a tree ,', you see, it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of ,' there can be, never to get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American American system, the Assa, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs arrived during the 1800s, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and the language that we know today as Assay.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I now realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a standard person who lives in a sound world, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, cosmic, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify sound.
Learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example ...
\" Don't cut the door! ''
\" Don't do much noise when you eat the bag of potato chips! ''
\" No mistakes, and when you're eating, make sure I'm not going to take the covers on the dish . ''
This is all called``sound tag . ''
Maybe I think of sound label more than the average person does.
I'm super surveillance of sounds.
And I'm always waiting for nervousness, that it's about to come next.
So, this drawing.
TBP, to decide.
TB, to continue . .
TB, for announcing . .
You can see that the picture doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and silver engines.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for``penguin"at the Assa.
A typical picture has five lines.
However, for me, to do whatever with my thumb, it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was audio.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Am I going to distance more of art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through the ears.
I can feel it a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim sound property and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And everything that I had taught me about how to sound, I decided to leave it and to find it.
I started creating a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with how much support and attention I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was alien, it was a little bit of a listener.
And sound is so powerful that well I could get to me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered.
I chose that I would be forced.
There's a massive culture around the language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support myself and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of AOL.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value, like taking a loan with a very high rate rate.
If I don't continue with this practice, I feel that I could move into oblivion and not have any kind of social value.
So, with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and the Assam.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express fully on paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AOL.
The two are very spatial and highly modulated things that means that subtle changes can affect all of the signals as much as the sounds.
I'd like to share a picture of the piano, so they understand how the ALS works.
So imagine a piano.
The ALS is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different park for each finger while you touch the piano, like the facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so, while you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, like you'd just put a keyboard at once . .
However, the Assam is more like a chord, you need the 10 fingers in a simulation to express a clear concept or idea in AOL.
If only one keyboard would change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of pitch, timbre and volume.
In AOL, using these different gravitational parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign of it.
This is the sign of it.
I'm seeing you.
Looking at it.
Oh, I got caught.
Oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, enough.
So I started thinking, and if I look at the G20 through the lenses of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be as a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of day, the sun comes out and it gets.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it visually looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about the whole night.
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different nights,``Night ,"`` during the night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel like the third one has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AOL and how the distance in the body can express changes in time.
For example, one.
So, the first example is a long time.
Then, past .``Used to"and the last, which is my favorite, with a very romantic, dramatic idea at the same time,``There was once . ''
\" common time"is a musical term with a specific pace of four times per capita.
However, when I see the word``common time"automatically I think about``at the same time . ''
See MOM: Right hand, E: left hand.
We have the picture through the head and the chest.
[ Face: Mom, Flash .] [[ I'm Mustard: E, Flang .] I'm going to show you a form of hand called``flower straw . ''
Can you do it with me?
Everybody with high hands.
Now we're going to do it both in your head as the chest, something like the common time, or at the same time.
Yeah, very good.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please do with me again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"at the Assa.
Now, third . Please hold me back.
And again.
It's``lighting"at the Assam.
We're going to do the three together.
\" Incompating"and``colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how the ALS is alive and thriving, like music.
However, today, we live in a very cultural world.
And only because the ALS doesn't have sound, it automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what social value defines and allow the ALS to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ASSA . You don't have to hear to learn music.
The Assam is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Khalahes: Hey, that's me.
My parents would say to me,``You can teach everything, but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or a bubble of ignorance I must say, because adults lied to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth.
By getting older, I learned that adults also use and that they're not very good at cleaning each other.
The time, I'm now an adult and teaching citizen and invention in Hong Kong's Harvard School.
You don't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk through the beach rain with lots of garbage.
So as citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it's, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a spooky thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic bits to study under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with six to 15 years, we dreamed of inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this blowing table with abuse so that the kids very low can also participate.
And I'm going to tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
We do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them in something that we hope to work.
We decided instead of collecting bits of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are very excited about robots.
Then we quickly create what we call a prototype.
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended up before.
And we transform lamps and web cameras in accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the bits of plastic floating slowly through sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of each particle, to get an estimate about the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on an inventor called``Instructions ,"with the hope that someone's going to improve it even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to solve it immediately.
[ I can investigate my local problem], but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they consulted the Internet, and they hit this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning an oil spill, only using hands, in Sunday, the largest mangroves in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink, it's the water in which it's bathed, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can also see that water is brown, mud and oil are brown, and when everything gets mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectroscope that can pull through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
So what's great about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help themselves remotely.
[ I can investigate a problem at distance] I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that it triggered several giant waves called tsunami, and those tsunami users destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear nuclear power plant, a nuclear center near water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has a constraint of consumer pollution.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappears from the Japanese coast, and most of them are safe, it's blue.
Well reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists, land, river, and we wanted to bring kids.
Of course we don't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we report to the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with radioactivity all their life.
Along with them we discussed the data that day, and we talked about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the international, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigment to represent data in real time of radioactivity, and we sprinkle water to simulate rain.
With this, we were able to notice that the radioactive powder was filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system and in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this, we organize a civil expedition, the nearest nuclear central to date.
We came up to 1.5 miles away from the nuclear center, and with the help of the area, we were collecting sediments of the sea bed with a sediment tracking as we invent and built.
Here we see a progression: We've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little tiny, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turn it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, basically, basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where kids' dreams can become true with adults help, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!!
Cesar Harrie: We asked things like: Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the elderly population transforming their standard wheelchair into new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, rodents, we need to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk thread.
One is synthetic, the other organic.
One is implanted on the environment, the other one believed it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the marble in brutal, he saw a figure that he fights for being free.
The five was unique Muslim tool.
But living creatures are not bound.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we took all the information to it for every cell to work and replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by the rigors of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts, setting up the imagination of designed designers and architects to think of their objects as assembly of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find an assembly of homogeneous material in nature.
Think of human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with directly pores.
The skin skins are thicker with little pores.
You act primarily as a filter, the other main as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin: no parts, there's no assembly.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality through electricity variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the five and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows in the two screens after me.
My job, at its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, moving away from assembly and approaching growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why wasn't that possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they're having four disciplines that offer access to access to the tools we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old scope with a vegetable basis that some day not too far away to print whole buildings, and graphics to nanotechnology made genetically modified microorganisms that glow in the dark.
Here we reinvent the heat, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each hardware is uniquely size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade in Paris with Iran van Hery . It's like a second skin made from one piece, stiff in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and 3D failure without the cells, I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C.T . scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution and the synthetic instruments, allows to design products that are adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at once structural, comfortable and also absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes a sustainable.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, agency and color, corresponds to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not through the addition of another material or another assembly, but continuing continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is the ideal nature?
Aren't there parts in nature?
I didn't raised myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them left me and came to define a lot about what matters to me.
As she says,``In the third day of Creation, God sent to Earth to grow a frustrated crowd of fruit . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees with branches, cortex, sticks and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself,``What would the design be if the objects were made from one piece?
\" would we come back to a better state of creation? ''
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material tree material with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biophiologist on the planet is called the junior, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multiple structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal seafood . We asked a lot of shrimp husks, molded them and produced tolerance paste.
Looking at chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the structures at large scale, a system was built with multiple police polishs, robotically controlled.
The robot could vary the properties of material on the march and create these structures made from a single material three feet long , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they're letting them dry to find a natural shape to the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we enrolled genetically designed bacteria to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition with no problems of beams to mesh, and if it expanded even more, windows . .
A frustrated fruit tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in sea, feed the marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjustment for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for interplanetary travel.
In order to do that, we must master bacteria and control its flow.
As the periodic table, we made our own elements: new forms of life created computing, made of additive and augmented form of biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid alchemy, only instead of making perfect metals, new biological functionalities are synthesized within very small channels.
This field is called microscopic.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microorganisms combined.
The first is the catalyst.
It lives in our oceans and in the sweet water tanks.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that dwells in the human intestine.
You turn light into sugar, other sugar consumption and produce useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothing.
Think of it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution by design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, that will help them flow these bacteria and to alter their way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, to vary the properties of material according to desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when it would stretch from one end to another, put 60 feet.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here is, as a prime at TED, our first portable photosynthetic channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We're a fashion creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would repair the damaged tissue and hold our bodies?
Think of this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer prints material on layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows . He adds with sophistication.
This chapter of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it gets metabolized.
Not additive manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first comes up in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to smell a business cocoon.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the spinneret.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of the silk worm.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that it smells a flat cocoon and still metaphorized.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the cocoon, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often resist silk worms to death inside their cocoons, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates could shape the raw silk without boiling a single cocoon.
They were message healthy, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated towards darker and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or openings, to block the rays of light and heat, distributes the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillars.
We asked 650,000 silk worms to a online silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to smell with us.
We placed them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they smell, they crime, they were getting eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
Hitlistic silk of religious silk, they give all of this pavilion their integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 6,000 silk worms were 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of silk route.
The moths, after the crash, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk room through a robotic arm, the other empty fill.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
So here's a new era of design, a new age of creation, which brings us from a design inspired in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, to make us burden of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked you,``What do you want to be bigger? ''
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked them this?
You can show it with fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if you ask the question,``What do you want to be bigger? ''
They've caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be bigger? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too many.
In school, I liked English, the killing and art and developing websites . In addition, I played the guitar in a pub called Telescope frustrated.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to try and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something totally different, and I'm scared in it, and I'm going to let me absorb and I'm like,``Yes! I've found my ,"and then again this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how it was going to convert all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all of my other passions, and I will resist myself.
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong with me for not to define myself.
I was worried to be afraid of compromise, or to be dispersed, or to self-assemble or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have asked you.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned it from culture.
We're first asked,``What do you want to be bigger? ''
It's about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer that age.
It's considered an naive question to provoke cute answers in children like,``Being astronaut"or``being dancing"or``I want to be pick . ''
Try the Hallast's disease here.
This question is done again and again as we grow up in different forms, P, high school students are asked to choose university.
And at some point,``What do you want to be bigger? ''
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what sleep takes.
Why?
While this question inspire children to dream with what they might be, they don't inspire dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though they're well-intentioned adults, and they're like,``Oh, what a nice, but you can't be an artisan of violin and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he is anti-taste and psychopathic.
And this Amy Ng, a magazine editor, turned into illustrator, business, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of the destiny or the real vocation, the idea that each of us has something to do for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and to dedicate their life to it.
But what if you are someone who's not connected this way?
What if there are lots of different issues that are taking their curiosity and many different things that they want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel just.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And it's going to feel bad with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplicity.
A multinational is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a motor that is like that.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that you know the same idea, like scholar, Renaissance.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sher refers to us as``scanners . ''
They use any term they like or invent one.
It seems like a kind of adapting community to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see the multiplicity as limitation or woe that you must beat.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website is that there are huge strengths to be like this.
Here are three multinational superpowers here.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
And Hungari and Rachel Bingo expressed his shared interests in cartography, visualization of data, travelers, mathematics and design, by founding Mushrnan.
Mesce is a company that creates jewelry inspired geographically.
Sheryl and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come from.
And the multinationals, with all their backgrounds, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the multinationals are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're beneved to be beginners, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
Many skills are confident to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we're pursuing, so we rarely start from zero.
North Donne is a full-time trip and independent writer.
As a child pianist, an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now she's the fastest mechanism known.
Before we become writer, North was a financial planner.
He had to learn the earliest sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps write compelling launch for publishers.
It rarely is a waste of time to be devoted to what you're attracted to, even if you end it up.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability . It's the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abe Caulwaek is sometimes director of videos, others, web pages, sometimes consultant, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles, depending on the needs of their customers.
Fast Company magazine defines adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that it's the individuals and organizations that can pivot to satisfying the needs of the market, the ones that really thrive.
Sisters of ideas, fast learning and adaptability: three skills where the multinational are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're pushed to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex, multidimensional problems right now, and we need not conventional thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed from a specialist and a multi-looking.
The specialist can dive deep and put ideas, and the multitasking offers an breadth of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that encourage the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, the multinationals in large are encouraging them to just be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing that you get from this talk, I hope it's this: reconstruction with the internal wiring, whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then especially for all media.
That's where you will give the best.
But for the multinationals in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I tell you,``reconstruct with their many passions . ''
Keep your curiosity for those rabbit margins.
They explore intersections.
Embracing our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and more happy life.
And perhaps most important, multitasking, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 2001, a woman named Australia took her to a psychiatric in Frederick.
And he would hurt, and he couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alboads.
Alberto didn't know how to help Austria, but he saw for her until, unfortunately, he passed in 1906.
After his death, Alberto made a autopsy and found strange and obsolete plates in the brain of Austria, a guy who never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If Austria had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than the L.A. gave him 118 years ago.
Alboad was Dr. Alboad Alzheimer's . .
And Australia Detert, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 2001, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics and vaccines have been discovered to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antibodies for HIV, states for the cardiac and much more.
But recently it has been progress in Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million, by the way, including many of you.
If you're expecting to live up to 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there's the probability that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer or helping care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
Already in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and its cost will have a five times in 2050, as the baby's generation gets older.
You may be surprised, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent or cure or even slow down their development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's less than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the research of cancer that in Alzheimer's research despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should be: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last hundred years, everyone, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think that it will become synonymous in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with one Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to definition a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduces life expectancy and is always mortal.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and weird sheep in the brain of Austria a a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on paper that are sticky.
And when it goes right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules paste each other, forming groups that can form big plates and objects.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of which step block is complex, like detecting a bomb.
Curving a wire could do nothing.
cutting the others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the cables and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticist, chemists, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . It's now testing a new kind of drug that specifically blocks this step to stop the disease.
So let me show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at some videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick each other inside them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of waiting, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to tell you that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have spent more research and exert pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, scientists and legislators.
That was essential to progress in the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit for defeating cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too rough to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Austria, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I posted this article at the New York Times column in the New York Times in January this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are running to ask 36 more and more personal questions, and then they both look into the eyes without talking about four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cried to another person?
And just?
By noon, these are getting more personal.
Number 30: -- this really likes me -- Tell your partner what it's like to him or she -- I know very close this time, and I gave things you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled on this study a few years ago, a detail really called me attention, the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited everything from the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the Moore Love column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably ask: Do they follow together yet?
And the reason I think this is because I've been asked by this question again and again in the last seven months.
And from this question, it's just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject . .
A week before it was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so, I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views like a much, and those were usually just my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that covered a good attention to a relatively new relationship.
But as he gave, he had no idea.
The article posted online a Friday night, and the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday, they had already called me the Today Show and the Google Journal America.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to encourage trust writing with sincerity about themselves, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always, ask the same question: Are they still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in my email with the phrase:``still still? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were of students and journalists and strangers like this.
They interviewed me in radio and asked him.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage,``Hey Mandela where is your boyfriend? ''
And immediately I got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the entropy of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have come alive.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, including the experiences of readers when he tested the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public appearance together.
He took television interviews, and removed the photographs of us two.
I think I was afraid of becoming the inventory icons of the love process, a range for which I didn't feel at all qualified.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked: I mean, if I was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure, but real love, enduring love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt, especially, that people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we're going to follow together or not, and also tell you?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for an interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aaron called Asperian personal openness, progressive and reciprocal.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
Participants felt closer after doing it . Several last studies also used the Raish Prime protocol of Aron as a rapid way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it among members of the police and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideologies.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me with shyness: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed conducted for it.
And I said,``Do you mean you fall in love with the person who you did? ''
Well he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said,``But did you become better friends? ''
Do you feel that they were able to know better after testing the study?
The nodding.
So it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I came up with the study for the first time when I was 29 and was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which I was supposed to basically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I got in science.
I looked at everything I could find on the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow be vaccinated the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just researched for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was running with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also look more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what I'm reasonably able to demand.
What I'm looking for love is a guarantee, not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media said about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love.
There may be some way to mitigate some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because in love to fall in love us, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The story of the story that I ask: Are they still together?
And their content with an S or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like:``How do you decide who you deserve your love and who doesn't? ''
How do you stay in love when things complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship, or even more, how do you live with your partner's doubt?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this -- a year ago, a well-known study, and we applied to create romantic love, love us, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But in love, it's not the same thing as being in love.
Love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article, I wrote,``Love didn't happen . ''
We stay in love because we take the choice of being.
And I shudder a little bit about reading it now, not because it's true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered anything that I knew that choice.
I'm not going to consider how many times we would have to make that decision, and how many times I will have to keep making that choice without knowing before if he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice on the largest newspaper in America.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really think.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe passes my life for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy ending implicit on the title of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I didn't really write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and hope that he also loves me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some linear lesbians, and in a way I came up with a forest.
to the city of New York City, a while ago, something that really affected me but more detail.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
He took a wooden box, and he buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought some strange humanoid or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out of excuse and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I threw up all the pages and I made a sort of criminal cells at the Agnes Martin style, and I covered them in resin and a bee was stuck.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to increase size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying glass.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow off, draw off, draw the same thing that's done around a corpse in crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own sensitive species of specimens.
First, botanical -- that you can make an idea.
Then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Sichronic.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size resin sculptures with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I moved.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass sheets, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work culture with something very big, that I call``triptych . ''
For the``triptych"I'm largely inspired in``The Garden of Delicious"by Hieronymus Bosch, which is a painting at the Museum of the meadow in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well,``triptych ."I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the blood source.
On the left, it's Jesus and the lobsters.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this inexpensive mesh of analog where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animal heads are heading into the headlights, ready to suicide in the ocean in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a paradox.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the Horizon -- oil platform of the Walker spill -- the Osama Bin Laden refuge, there's all kinds of weird things you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of a computer.
He's coming out of the ocean, and he spit oil in a hand while in the other hand, they get out clouds.
Their hands are like whales and it looks like a mythological being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's a``triptych . ''
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then, when you go to the other side, you have a proboscis, like a bird peak, and you spit clouds of this trumpet.
It also has a 5,000-straw tail, a snake tail that binds the``triptych . ''
Anyway, their tail is going to be fired by a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
Her tail ends up in a blood eye balloon made of terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very ahead of your time . This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called photographic.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each is an archive of our culture, through media and material are encyclopedia or dictionaries or magazines.
But each act as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the time.
They're like cells, they go together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . I'm taking years.
Each is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can get the input.
And I'm going to take you with the rest of the body: there's a waterfall coming out of the chest, and it covers the penis or non-profit, or whatever you have, a kind of an urban thing.
It's a quick set of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body for half.
It has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and in the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene inside the ribcage.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Pino Workers.
In this box, there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a radio piece, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We keep the box and all the people in the inside hit each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefined who you are and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, borders, religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to swap those things with sweetness and usually we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you roll your head?
They take an aspirin.
But so this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intestines and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and insurance so that any strong drug effect on the body.
The disadvantage, however, is that when you swallow it, any medication gets diluted.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV . .
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these are these things to decrease the amount of virus in the blood, and increase the CDC cell count.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because at the time they take to get to the blood stream, they dilate, and worse even for the time they're going to get to their fate, which is where it's more important: in the HIV deposit.
These are body regions like lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intact, and it doesn't easily enter the bloodstream of patients who are being subjected to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a lifelong treatment of life in the oral.
One day, I sat down and I thought,``Could we get the treatment directly to the deposit of the virus, without the risk of discipline of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: the lasers, of course.
If they're used in dentistry, for the warmer care and the diabetes surgery, they can be used for anything imaginable, including the intractable transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill out extremely small holes, which opens and closes almost immediately infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
Often they ask,``How is that possible? ''
We sent a little, powerful laser beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before I even realized, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incision on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug, releases it directly into the infection site, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total HIV eradication of the body.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-state armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or militia.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand these agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
I used to be a standard between states.
Don't.
It's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 260 signed peace agreements between 1975 and 2011 , 1969 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups; we should even engage them or defeat them in any successful conflict process.
But how do you do it?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons that they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are not armed.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat, without a global view.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanese Hellonger, known for its violent cooling against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980, I've also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Hamas Palestinians, known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also managing the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups do more than simply shooting.
They're multitasking.
They have a complex machinery of communication: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the ISIS magazine, I printed in English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without looting, but by profitable businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put professional training programs or microbial training programs.
Hey, it provides all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that's not providing: security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan dismissed by war or even the beginning of the ISIS rise, can also understand the efforts of these groups for security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 Palestinian Hamas cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and the more sophisticated things are, the less we can catalog them as something else to a state.
How do you call a group like Hezel?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collect garbage, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS??
The lines are declining.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids, and the more weak the states are, as in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling up that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consume peace.
If we understand the armed groups better, we'll understand better what incentives will offer to foster the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but not to give us peace and stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that government gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very stubborn, but I fear that accepting the``feminist"label would be unfair for feminists.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And so I'm surprised as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in interviews, people started calling the Bad feminist.
So, what started as a personal joke destined myself and a deliberate cause, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminists, these hairy women, angry with the men and they hated sex, as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people in the gut that could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation, a taboo and a nasty word.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which asks too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I grew up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are irrevolves: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of harassment or violence.
We have right to use it easy and accessible contraception and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without the need of legislative controls or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to be aware of our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
These truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are lots of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive to work, I hear a palm music, whistles all volume.
Although the letter degraded to women and offended me deeply, the classic``Salt Shake"of the Big Yangie Twin is incredible.
\" Make it happen with your wet t-shirt.
Perus, give it, move until it hurts the shell!! ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortified by my musical tastes.
I firmly believe in man's work, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the recycling of garbage, the care of the lawns and the maintenance of making it.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see``The Back"and the romantic comedies, and I have an absurd fantasies of the fairy stories that make it true.
Some of my crimes are tougher.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband's surname, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solved this problem.
Rejection the conventional feminism that has ignored or actively deflect the needs of women in color, workers, gay and transgendered, for white, heterosexual, middle class, middle class.
Listen, if that's good feminism, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens the following: As a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put food on a pedestal.
We hope that they get down to perfection.
When we're disappointed, we would take them with a lot of taste from the same board where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I'm a mess of that period before I try to get there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm feminist ,"by fear of what that sticker means, for fear not to be able to fulfill with little realistic expectations.
Take to Benki, or as I call it, the Goddess.
Over the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In Vision Mushroomers in 2014, at MTV, in front of the word``feminist"of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this poo star embracing the feminist and making women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud.
So the time, the cultural critics started endless arguments whether Beijing was or not exactly feminist.
They raised their feminism, instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demanded the feminist of the feminist, because we're still fighting a lot, we want a lot, we need so much.
We go much beyond the sensitive and constructive critic, to dissect the feminism of any woman, to break it up until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure.
But what happens next??
We went from recognizing our imperfections to realizing, going to action and a little bit more courageous.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we get the change affecting their profits effectively.
It's certainly hard.
Why does its music have to be so glue?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years old.
It's two gorgeous, determined and brilliant girls, and also very brave.
They're appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option will be violated as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sports, it's going on the Troop of Thrones.
We can change the radio emitter when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema on another part when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers like boxing sacks.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until you don't include an enough number of women, both to participate for decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are wired, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision positions.
Now, we're not less honest . Without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our accomplishments will mean very little.
We can make these little acts of bravery and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the direct power and producers of film and music, CEOs, the legislators, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim with our feminism, well, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"he says,``I would rather be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say it, especially, because my voice was stolen, and the feminist helped me fix it.
There was an incident.
I call it the incident to address what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if nothing was.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I grew up in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and from women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is more than what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also found that if I was a little brave, another woman could hear me and to see and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us we are.
In a hand, I have power to achieve anything.
And in the other hand, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope that we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave, when you need it to be a bit valuable.
Just after Christmas last year , 132 children in California had measles for having visited Diason or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then passes the border with Canada, infecting over 100 children in Quebec.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for over half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that sparked the contentious of autism and disabled vaccines, disqualified and marked for being a fraud of the British Medical Journal?
Doesn't it believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines will put their children in danger.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rising estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about it creates all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates were just three or four children per 10,000 children per 10,000.
But then in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
The fundraising organizations like autism Speins are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if I could get another child on Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at Atlanta Disease's Center, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like``extended diagnostic criteria"and``a better case detection ,"to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and calculating of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanzilim, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1948, Kabul published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, denies people around them, even their own parents.
They could have fun for hours shaking their hands in front of their faces, but they were a prisoner of the panic because they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzilim speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world on the subject, I'd declare that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome while picking up references as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Kanger criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I would respond to give that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He once realized that he had turned nine in 10 children sent by other doctors to their consulting for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kansas was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not strangers.
He classified autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and deserted parents.
These kids, he said, have been careful in a refrigerator that was not fashionable.
At the same time, though, Kang noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that rise in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they were two.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kanak had a bad opinion of these skills, affirming things like children were just regurgitating what they had heard their parents permissify, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of Kabul that autism was rare.
Lord Wing, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of snowy mothers in Kabul was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm people and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl as a support of support, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and his colleague Judith Gould decided decided to do something that was done 30 years before.
They conducted a strategy of autism in the general population.
They pioneered a suburb from London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw was clear that kindergarten model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children could not talk at all, while others were rooted in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the genealogy of the reality.
Otherwise, these kids did not fit in nice, treated squares, as Judith said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kabul would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these kids before??
But then Luria found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Kant's article, and then forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kansas knew about this article of competition, but he avoided surprisingly to mention her own work.
There wasn't even an English translation, but luckily, Lord's husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
Her author was a man named Hans Asperger, who runs a clinic integrated with an international school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with learning differences were even progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of music exercises, and the kids followed the Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming parents to cause autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and space adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and dedicated to help in the development of methods of education that were especially suited for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a different continuum that would charge an amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architects known in pop culture like the tornado social scientist and the distracted teacher.
He was beyond even saying that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Loren and Judith found that Kanak was wrong when autism was an argument, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked silently with the National Psychiatry Association to extend the diagnostic criteria that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum.
In the late '80s and early '90s, their changes went into video, by replacing the limited model of Kandahar by a wide and inclusive Asperger.
These changes didn't fall in broken sacks.
Certainly, when Lorraine and Judith worked between bases to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out``Rain Man ,"in 1988, just a little circle, completed by experts knew what autism was, but after the indomitable performance of Dustin Hoffman as Rayan Babbage and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four prize awards, pediatricians, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
He should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Rain Man"the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics started to rise, just like they predicted Lorraine and Judith, they actually hoped that that would be, getting people with autism and their families finally get the support and services that deserve.
So Andrew Walking came to blame vaccines because of the diagnosis, a simple, powerful, and seductive history as bad as the Kantice theory that autism was an argument.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have been together on the Internet to reject the idea that they are puzzles for solving new medical advances, running the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distracted, obviously social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, which creates that the cure for the most restless aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Jesse Zaks once said,``We need all the hands in cover to lead the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
