You know what I do is write for the kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , most read in the U.S .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear a farmer , or with leather clothes , and never one has ever chosen a farmer .
I 'm here to talk to you today about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that fell into you .
You just have to go around the block to look at it as an epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the <unk> kind of circle I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the '60s at the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare of the class .
When he was just beaten up to bleed every week in the boys ' bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life for letting me go into the bathroom of the teachers .
I made it secret .
For three years .
I had to go from the city .
He had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting against AIDS .
About three or four years ago , the night I got a phone call from that master 's phone call , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned with adults , we 've never got to know us .
You could hold Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've already found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to join you with this please . ''
Well , the next day , we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the blast , and we care about her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as well as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to know me , it became a ashes box , and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle was closed , and it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about was made in itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life is .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can fast , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
And I kept them around about 60 feet of water , almost 60 feet , and I could n't think that it was about a snowflake about another <unk> of snow year after year .
<unk> are born when you get from the glaciers , or break the walls of ice .
Each iceberg have its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some refuse to give up and hold up to the end , whereas others can not stand it more and they 're going to be engaged in a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , by looking at an iceberg , that they 're isolated apart and alone , as much as we 're seeing ourselves as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As an iceberg melts , I 'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere .
As a eardrum melts an iceberg , you release rich in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I approach myself to photograph these <unk> , as if it was about my ancestors ' portraits , knowing that in these unique moments there are that way and will not exist in that way again .
It 's not death when you melt ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice that I 'm photographing is very young -- he has a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you is an iceberg that I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to be able to see a rolling eardrum .
Here they have .
You can see the left a little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your baseline .
You can see here , he starts rolling , the boat has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a iceberg in Greenland , of average size .
It 's about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And so I just wanted , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby . Okay .
So , two couples every single baby .
I do n't want it to be arrested too much on the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that in a case , the Y chromosome is linked to the X X chromosome .
And in the other case , the X X chromosome binds to the X X chromosome .
Both turn on and it starts life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my soil activity , I 'll get two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an historian by training and what I study in this case is the way people came up the anatomy -- to say , from human bodies and <unk> , how they have considered body fluids , the idea of the body -- what have you thought about the body .
The other role that performance in my work is an activist , as patients ' advocate , as I say sometimes , <unk> <unk> of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms .
I 've been working on , for example , with fraternal twins , two people inside a body .
I worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with un-typical sex , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit into male sketches and conventional female .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> embraces lots of shapes .
I 'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that would not lie in the common shapes or female .
For example , it 's the case of the individual with XY <unk> whose gene <unk> to the chromosome and tells the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which is testes .
And then in the fetal life , testicles are producing testosterone .
But because this individual has no testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's <unk> syndrome .
So , there are high testosterone levels of testosterone , but without reaction .
As a result , the body develops on a political course .
When the baby is born , the baby has looked like a little girl .
It 's a girl . She 's raised as a girl .
And , often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing and developing the breasts , but you do n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes that something is happening .
Then they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , they actually have testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it 's a man , but it 's not really like that .
Women , like men , have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know his <unk> structure ; I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testes syndrome .
That 's why sex is complicated . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from an 19 year-old boy born and raised as a male , and I had a girlfriend , and I had sex with her , he had a life like a boy and had just found that he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> .
I had the 20th chromosomes and the <unk> glands were so active that , essentially , created a male hormone environment .
As a result , the genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone hormone component .
He was born with a child ; nobody suspected nothing .
And it was at 19 years when he began to have medical problems caused by obesity , when the doctors found out that , in fact , I was a woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , so they have tissue <unk> wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with this kind of bodies -- whether they 're dwarfed , <unk> twins , or <unk> are <unk> by <unk> surgeries that is not power to have better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason why they 're <unk> to various surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is often based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings out of a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is having female identity ; it was supposed to be black to say African anatomy in historical terms .
Very simplistic idea .
And when you presented to us a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic individualism .
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born like two people inside a body .
The most recent case is last year with the South African <unk> <unk> ; it was put in fabric of his sex in the <unk> Olympics .
A lot of journalists called to ask myself , `` What do you do to do to determine whether <unk> is male or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such thing .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or between men and <unk> and <unk> and <unk> -- we are us who draw that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more we go through science , more we need to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable physical categories that were caught directly with stable <unk> categories -- are much more perceptive than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we get into a rough terrain .
Let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact that it 's made of <unk> in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get more and more in an awkward zone that we have to recognize that simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles in the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> about when someone considers it dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot of them would put a pen in front of the nose , and if it was still moving .
If I stopped moving it .
But today , we can , for example , extract organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a result , we have to address the dilemma of deciding the death of someone 's death , and it puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be happy to someone like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , <unk> people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it gets nervous .
They would argue that these categories are much more fragile than we were thinking .
<unk> from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of crows .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so courageous and bold and so radicals in what they did , which I find every bit of seeing that <unk> ridiculous musical , and not for music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with fathers .
Parents love it , for me , the first anatomy of the anatomy and explain why .
What they would reject was a concept of anatomic concept , and we would plug it with another that was radical and beautiful , and stayed for 200 years .
And , as everybody remembers , what we had to reject our fathers ' idea was the idea of monarchy , the monarchy was about a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were the idea that it was coming into political power by the right of the blood to the father and then the son , etc .
Parents have been rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They went through the game field , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the original differences . That was very radical .
And in part they were doing it because they formed a part of a <unk> system where they were raising two things .
It was happening for democracy , and at the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of fathers ' history , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> from supernatural explanations , and therefore rejected the concept of the conservation power was transmitted by the way of a vague idea of birth .
They were moving towards a naturalist concept .
And if you look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result , they were broadcasting the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing that , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened next years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` Am I not a woman ? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
So again , people of color that are attached to anatomical coincidence on anatomical difference , and again , succeeded .
We see the same with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
I do n't want to say that we had to go through anatomy .
I do n't want to say that the five-year-old children should be allowed to have sex or married .
There are some basic divisions that to me , and I think we should keep it .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two beings coming to the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before -- June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in term : March 1 , 1980 was born .
By the only fact that I was born three months before Mary is attribute all the rights to three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that because I have a different biological age , but it was born after .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , in virtue of being considered man , if I do n't tell you if it 's <unk> , at virtue of being considered a man now is <unk> from the mandated <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for his part , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So they 're still fighting primary categories that in various ways are dominated and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went down so much in the anatomy of the anatomy that we 've got to know that a democracy based on the anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up the science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escapes .
Where do we go ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a certain time has decided that to get married with a man , you do n't have to have chromosome out and to get married with a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice they do n't test them exams .
But this is also very strange that the story I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech `` I Have a team '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people based not in the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yes , the idea is very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that we had to do this to make rights to people , because I have to admit that I know some <unk> <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of the <unk> that I know can make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions about their sex relationships than the people I know .
So how do we put in practice the issue of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , perhaps with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that America will continue this current thought of thinking about democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 'll do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian who is attracted to the other men is susceptible to being killed , unless they 're willing to submit to a sex shift , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like a surgeon who talked about a couple of years ago that I had made birth twin twins and then pick them out and thus grow his fame .
But when the phone asked her the operation was a very <unk> operation , he told me that in that other country , these kids would be very abused and therefore had to do it .
I said , `` Well , it 's considered political asylum instead of the surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be who are unable to change for the state of the state .
So I think we have to be in the head .
Well , to conclude , I mean I 've been talking a lot about them .
And I want to think about how democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we were given more participation to mothers .
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist , and it 's that I think there may be different ideas coming from different principles from different principles , particularly if there are people thinking about group .
Since years ago , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference .
And one of the things I 've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operate in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , do n't all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to care about those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism was a feminist , like <unk> made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what 's got of female civilization . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the coolest question I 've ever heard of .
Feminism has to look at the gender stereotypes , so there 's no female in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about her question , the more it seems to me that there 's a little female in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more concerned with complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
And so , if they do well , they were very attentive to find a way to protect people from the state , is possible that , by having paid more <unk> to this concept , we might have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy -- to think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more in relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think about what we do with each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where they want to go live and work , have the possibility of choice between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count a single city willing to <unk> .
But the amazing thing about cities is that it 's worth much more than the cost of building .
So we could easily get to the world tens , maybe hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they just <unk> by buildings buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments , and that the other half is still no longer to do it .
You could try to increase the capacity by making <unk> in all the existing buildings .
But you know the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas surrounding them have rules to avoid the discomfort and the distractions .
So it would be very hard to do all those <unk> .
But you could go to a completely new place , build a whole building of apartment completely again , and when the rules of that place to build the construction instead of giving power .
So , I proposed that governments were growing up new enough zones to contain cities and gave them a name : cities under charter .
Later , I found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year around 75,000 people will come out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask , what could they do to make sure those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went through a constitutional crisis .
In the next few regular elections , we 've been imposed with a platform on which we promised it and at the same time of reconciliation .
He asked him to argue that his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a lot of evidence with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under new ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those norms that say they ca n't go and will piss away all the current residents of apartments .
We spend a lot of attention to the new technologies , but it takes so much of technologies like standards to make progress , and usually it 's the rules that prevent us from moving forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link to the TEDTalk .
He showed him to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's give this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we got together in Miami , in a hotel conference .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable the cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Look , land that , in some cases , thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of TEDTalk . ''
And the talk was described in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where you 're starting with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that are being bent there and an option that people can choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms .
So President of Honduras called me , and told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way that our country will be forward forward .
He asked me to go to <unk> and I 'd talk about four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a photo in Denver , and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport , it covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , we have to start with a site that is measuring at least one thousand square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
Everybody <unk> <unk> .
The faces of the audience were really serious and attentive .
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said , `` Professor forbid , thank you so much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have this in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential thing that a new city can provide new choices for people .
There would be an option for a city that could go to Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away from the North .
And it also would include new choices for leaders .
Because the government leaders of Honduras would need help from countries associated with , could benefit from the countries associated with them to help us set up and make the rules of the charter rules , so that they could all be trusted , so that the charter is actually turning .
We went and saw a site .
This photo is from there .
It could be quite easily about a thousand square kilometers .
And soon after , the 19 of January , they voted in Congress to take their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would create these special developmental regions .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , voting in Congress for this constitutional amendment was <unk> to one .
All the parties , all the factions in society , the opportunity .
By <unk> in the Constitution , it has to pass twice in Congress .
February 17th , it passed over again in another voting , from nachos .
Immediately after the voting , from 21 to 24 , a shifting of about 30 <unk> was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new center of the city that 's being built in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after four years , getting permission .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come , and at the same time it would allow the managers to operate under a external legal system .
A country has been committed to allow the Supreme Court to be the court of the last half to this new justice system .
There are urban planners and city builders that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies who wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with an open-source zone , and there 's a lot of people who would like to go live there .
There are 700 million people who say they 'd like to be changed immediately to another place .
There 's one million a year out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to get a job ; sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn the money for so only eating or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are kids who are trying to come together with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred all around the world ?
What seems to you thinking about insisting that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it 's that I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and publish my blog bold and colorful and different for each time .
But I did n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is <unk> <unk> markets and second-hand stores .
Ah , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment , and in my wallet .
I 'm going to get to know people with <unk> people ; usually my money goes to a good cause ; my aspect is unique , and buy it becomes my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is it my size ?
Am I going to like color ?
It will cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what brings with somebody who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
And it 's inside for exactly a week is all I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs .
And because I do n't know me as the woman walking for TED , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this journey of not using new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't spend a lot of money to look good .
You almost always see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the whole set , including the jacket , took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive I 've ever used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be wrong , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just do yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you 're not just going to understand you , you 'll also understand you .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you 're wearing inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to be playing the costumes , or I remember them to their little seven-year-old .
I like to say , `` Thank you . ''
Tuesday : trust is the key .
If you think you look good with something , it 's almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't see you well with something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the age of 30 that I really understood their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person inside your inner and outside , you ca n't look at them .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it again and again when people came up with me this week simply by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave back certain things .
I do n't need an emotionally <unk> to these things , because the back of the corner , there 's always a crazy colorful , colorful , bright suit , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart and look for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness in each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you get your brain on this scale ?
Some of these ends by one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres .
It 's not that they 're exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I think I think of one of those people , who just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need quite a sense of logic to solve these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We set up playing with them and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
A intuition that you may have developed with the step of the years is the one that says one thing can be just in place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were not born with this notion , they developed .
I remember looking at a boy playing on a parking bar .
It was a small kid , and he did n't do it very well , he always fell .
But I bet that playing with that bar of parking lot to show you a valuable lesson , and it 's that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and that remain in a place .
This is a great framework model that you can have in the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , play with these strange particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really bizarre things -- like they can go through walls , or may be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called it a theory of quantum mechanics .
And at that point , the physics was a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need it to describe the big things around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But they did n't fit well to my logical part .
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't everything to follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics also .
That 's why a few years ago , I set out to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see that it 's been in a place of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the metal piece I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then we approach a good approach to small metal metal .
So what we see is a little bit of metal , with a springboard , and that stands off from a platform .
And then I did this almost as a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a silicon chip , and I set up all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a <unk> fashion that 's found underneath the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how awkward it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all sorts of weird things , but then when other people go up , let 's just get those things out , because I do n't want to bother them , or really frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> on inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes on to the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave like quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
<unk> the lights , then we introduced a vacuuming , and we pulled all the air out , and then we cool it down to a temperature of less than a degree on zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the small piece of metal is free of acting as wants .
So we measure their movements .
We discovered that he moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , it was vibrating , and the way it was like it was like a breath in this form -- like a bellows , it expands , and he contracts .
And when we give it a soft thrust , we were able to make <unk> and not <unk> at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and not at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that piece of metal are still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain points when those line line up .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time , which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was <unk> <unk> in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between one atom and that little bit of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that little metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you too ?
I mean , it 's my logical part .
So just imagine if they were in various places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was embedded in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we lit the lights , and we looked into the box , we saw the metal still in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects on the elevator actually are only quantum objects that are simply hitting in a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things that surround you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep rarity of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago I was doing another work on Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that 's here and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I promise , with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did .
I think my own story is just explaining just in this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
It was a lot of education -- I did n't have any access to many of these museums and works of art .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started doing it .
Now , better than I 'm going to show you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from his launch .
So , simply , we 're going to go through it .
Look around all museums .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , the <unk> , the van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , the <unk> museum in New York City .
There are two ways to do it -- very simple .
We click and <unk> , we 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where they are , Mumbai or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the plane up , and with just one click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , you want to go at the end of the hallway .
continue to go forward .
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 billion pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you do with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom around in a very simple way .
You see things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression does n't have a price .
But if you really want to dive into .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
And I found that the kids were actually playing something .
I did research a little bit , I talked to some people from <unk> , and I actually found that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which consists of hitting a <unk> with a Tuesday on Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even further down , and you 'll see that you can actually get the cracks in them .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull out the image , so you really see what there is .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're quickly going to jump again at MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed you was to find details .
But what if you want to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to look at how Gogh I actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and it really does .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this frame , and I 'm really going to reach the cracks .
This is `` the night <unk> , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another favorite functions .
There 's a lot of things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that 's the same day .
You can online to create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we enter it -- I created this function I call `` The power of zooming , '' -- we just saw a zooming around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors '' in the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what they feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all amazing things do n't really come from Google .
No , in my opinion , they even come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope in this digital medium do justice to his artwork and that 's represented properly online .
And the great question that they do today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon everybody .
I have something to show you .
You think it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'll tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm Italian origin , all the children in Italy are growing up with this photo on the room of his bedroom . But the reason I show you this is that it 's happened something very interesting about Formula 1 's racing over the last two decades .
Some time ago , if you wanted to win a year of Formula 1 , I 'd take a budget and <unk> it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you would win the race .
This is what , in engineering , the control system of real-time control .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that control systems are starting to go into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're going to be moving into the open air .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and <unk> .
<unk> cities is big .
And as a note aside , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the crust of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond cities , all of these detections , are coming into our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibit of Paola <unk> for the purposes of year at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` To Me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , begin to tell us .
In a way , it 's kind of like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and actuators .
And that 's changing the interaction that we humans have with the outer environment .
In a certain sense , it 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo crossed the Moses , he says that at the end , I took the hammer , and he threw it up in Moses -- you can still see a little dent , and he said , `` Do you know , <unk> ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts speaking to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples , <unk> in the idea of taking the environment and push something .
Let 's start with the detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer of 2006 .
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember it , played Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , at the end , he won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by looking at activity happens in the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning before play .
The timeline is at the top .
By the afternoon , there are people over here and there 's calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> , people make a call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
Second additional time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , <unk> .
She does !
That night everyone went to celebrate the center .
You see the big peak .
The next day , everyone went to the center to the meeting of the winner and the prime minister of then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the site called <unk> Canyon , where , from the Roman time , people are going to celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we could n't do a few years ago .
Another rapid example of detection : it 's not about people , but things that we use and consume .
Today we know everything about the provenance of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the trash into their shift by the system .
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little over a year ago , to label what throwing them -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that we can all see .
Then we put a little chip , a label , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results from that .
From Seattle ...
After a week .
With this information , we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same thing with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
They 're happening complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transport .
But the other thing we think is that if you look at every day that the cup of <unk> does n't disappear , that 's still somewhere on the planet .
That if the plastic bottle that we drop one day still on there .
That if we show that to people , then we will be able to promote some change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all began with a question of the mayor of town , which came and said that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine you have a trunk line and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> that open and closed .
It 's created like a water curtain , with pixels of water .
If you fall the pixels , you can write out in them , show patterns , images , text .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can go , as you see in the picture .
We presented this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked a lot .
And we 'd run a commission to design the entrance to the entrance to the ticket .
We call it Digital Water .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no doors and window , but when you 're moving up , it opens up so you can go .
The roof is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , the roof is down .
Or you can close the building , and the whole architecture disappears , like in this case .
So , there will always be somebody , in the winter , when you go down the roof , someone who was there and he said , `` Get the building out the building . ''
No , it 's not that it 's demolished , but when it comes down most architecture , it goes down .
Here 's how it works .
You see the people who are going on inside .
And here I am trying to do n't get wet by testing the sensors that open water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the <unk> kids came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would be open to let you go , but a building that was still doing <unk> and holes and you had to jump to not get wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us that was really interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about using people to give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is an image of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could begin to fly .
Imagine you could have small teeth in the air , and that each one had a small pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , that moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
This is a kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or in three dimensions , where what changes is light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different type .
Imagine that the screen appears at different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And that then all of that could have a pixels cloud in 3D , which you can zoom in and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , going down to form an V , like before .
When the light lights up , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with a entry that comes from people , from the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> from the best ballet dancers today , the star of New York City and La Scala <unk> to capture its three-dimensional movements and use them as input to the <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , the catch in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization as a movement capture .
It can break all the movement .
You can go all the way out .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and motion , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people in order to do something and change our environment as a <unk> farm as the calf of barn , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could make everybody a little bit like a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that 's happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we moved from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and is accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and Obama 's campaign <unk> us , we can move from the digital world , the power of self-organizing , the physical world .
In our case , this might we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow it can be to address the challenges today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how do you move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud cloud .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud , they 're pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered in pixels .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics , and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection to the community .
So , it 's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new <unk> in London .
You can get there .
As if it was a new digital hack at night , but most importantly , it will be a new experience for anybody who goes to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just some changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for one more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in better ways , being stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and more confident .
What about living with good health ?
Or maybe those people always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience member Audience : Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . It 's probably due to the number of creative people .
That 's really good .
How many of you would choose memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel like a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe be possible ?
Evolution has been a theme here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor 's gaze on the subject .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , which also <unk> in the <unk> Church of <unk> , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense except for nature 's light . ''
But how do biological evolution consider this : it 's just about the past , or the future ?
Does it mean to each other or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , right at an end , is , of course , the most we 're interested in .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees , about six or eight million years ago .
At the interval , there have been perhaps 20 25 species of hominids .
Some of them have gone back and come back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem that we 're very far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable , which comes out of pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we 're all over in the gut more than the cells that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think of -- when Antonio Damasio asked him about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is an wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , is very welcoming .
And we 're going to give them all the nutrients that you might want without any effort .
It 's really like a fast way for bacteria with the occasional <unk> of some rush rush to the output .
But , by others , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest nutrients essential , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what will the future stay ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast <unk> symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass -- the animal kingdom , like one and only <unk> , and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you 've enjoyed it .
When I was just <unk> at college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in the single-celled organisms , every cell just divide and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things start to change .
It goes into sexual reproduction .
And something very important is that the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , one might say that the inevitability of death is happening in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to confess that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death of sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but every year I was going , I had more doubts .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , who was still acting in Vegas well in their 90s .
And one night , someone hits his hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , he finds a wonderful fancy dancer .
He looks at it and says , `` I 've come to look for a <unk> soup . ''
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I pick the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , that I was working on a different goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted to get healthy .
I wanted to recover health care .
I wanted to live more and healthier .
Evolution is going to move the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point , you and I are like <unk> <unk> to send the genetic charge to the next level the next level , and then let us leave the sea .
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to make it die . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily care for longevity .
It does n't necessarily apply to the biggest or the strongest or the faster and even smarter .
Evolution favors the best adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , <unk> fish , but they 've been able to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , to the next phase , the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that you do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we set up our environment so that they fit us as well as we adapt to it .
And , by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we 're going to get so much that it 's not possible to have the isolation that we need to happen .
A second possibility is that there 's an evolution of traditional , traditional , dictate , by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And as soon as isolation : when as a species , the distant planets are going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce natural evolution .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but we 're going to cause and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we will take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
We first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they are choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily a good necessarily for society , but it 's what 's elected to the individual and family level .
Just think that if you were possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring , but in their own body to make genetic settings to cure or prevent diseases .
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Would n't you want to do those changes in your genes ?
If we look at the future that 's going to be more and more possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and sued 13 years .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of human genome at a cost to the $ 20,000 and on a week .
It 's not missing the human genome for the human genome for $ 1,000 and being more and more as much as we all .
These changes come .
The same technology that has produced the human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect themselves , but they 're going to induce other viruses .
Believe it or there 's not an experimental trial at the course of the flu flu vaccine cells in a tobacco plant cells .
Can you imagine a good thing coming out of tobacco ?
That 's actually today , and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine just two other changes .
Can you change the cells from their bodies , but if you could change the cells from their offspring ?
And if you could change sperm and the eggs , or change the newborn egg , and give your children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminate diabetes , eliminate the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want them healthier ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't I have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings above all if you could get it back with the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why do n't you have a twitch muscle faster than allowed us to run faster and further away ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions of pass this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become evolution in before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years , and we can compress it down to 1,000 years , and maybe it happened within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have in front of them .
Are we going to use these choices to <unk> a better , more successful , more judged ?
Or , are we going to pick selectively different attributes that we want for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to face .
And the deeper of all : we 're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom that we need to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before you think about , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big explosion when you 're at <unk> feet .
Imagine an airplane full of smoke .
Imagine an engine doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistants .
So immediately I looked at them , and they said , `` There 's no problem . We 'll probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already taken off the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the Hudson River .
That 's usually the route .
<unk> the motors .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
There 's the three <unk> words I 've heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before he died , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to , and I did , all the fences that I wanted to fix , all the experiences I 've wanted to have , and I never had .
As I thought about that later , I was a sentence , which is , `` collect bad wines . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'll open it .
I do n't want to spend anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
And the second thing I learned that day -- and this is as I went through the George Washington bridge , which was n't for much -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a big deal with it .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also give place to my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted on things that did n't matter with people who do matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> in that , I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels about wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; let me be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock is going , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , he will die not fear .
It 's almost like we 've been striving for it all our lives .
But it was so sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is <unk> in a single thought , which is , just desire one thing .
I wish I could see my kids grow .
A month later , I was in a performance performance -- first degree , not much artistic talent -- I 'm still , and I scream , cry , like a little bit .
And for me , that was the fact of being the world .
At that point I understood , by connecting those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
Throughout all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was given a miracle , not to die that day .
And they gave me another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and go back and live in another form .
You 're flying around today , the challenge that you can imagine that the same thing happens to you on your plane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how would you change ?
What would you do , they still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would you change their relationships and the negative energy in them ?
And most important , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most great one that I worked on was for this guy .
The guy called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> .
One day he came to his house after running and said , `` Dad , I feel anything on your legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today , <unk> has complete paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
Their work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so , obviously , the graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to fund Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and met with her brother and his father , and I said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , it 's not that you 're looking at Stephen <unk> 's not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're an important person and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how are they communicating ? ''
Did anybody see the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly . ''
They communicate that way , you 're going to make it <unk> .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check , and instead of that signed a check that I had no idea how I was going to cover it .
I was committed to her brother and father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make her art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that somebody who has so much in their inner ca n't communicate . ''
So I spoke at a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research , which has a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , they 're drawn on that and record the negative space .
So they go around doing art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
You start with the sex organs , then with the bad words , then with the attacks on Bush and , in the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a life cycle in their presentations .
And so it began .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and a lot of them move things on one side , we had a couple of things .
One , we played the gates of the insurance companies and we got a machine so that they could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun ; I call it <unk> because when I talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't do it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing that we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world to get out of all the corners of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , the kids and I , we moved to the garage of the back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought that we were doing something totally stupid , and that when you could have taken the walls from the walls , and in their place , would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to Venice in Venice , my son was part , my dog also , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
These are a couple of <unk> sunglasses that we bought in the sea ride in Venice Beach , something from copper wire and <unk> things and Radio Shack .
We take a <unk> camera , we opened it , we set up on a light of LED , and now there 's a device that 's free , and it builds yourself , we published the software code that software is low at free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says , `` No . ''
There 's no hospital I can say , `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much for you . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> it during the big opening .
And after a year of planning , two weeks of programming , 30 weeks from all night , Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and is looking through the support system of your life .
We ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the hospital out of the hospital .
And he went back to the first time in front of her family and friends , and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to engage in the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> as well .
And at the end of this , he sent us an email and this was what he said , `` This was the first time I drew in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been under the water and somebody finally came to visit me and get me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way , that 's our cry for war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a burning screen .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all sorts of recognition .
We 've gained a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then in December , Time magazine acknowledged us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010 , and it was really great .
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up to close the <unk> is that in April of this year in the MOCA <unk> in downtown Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be on the show , which is pretty impressive .
So , basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of the room in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> nothing was possible at some point .
Do it possible -- anything about this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I 've never done anything with eye recognition technology , I just recognized something , and I 'd become wonderful with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions I want everybody to do every day when we find something that we feel like to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years <unk> in situations usually very difficult and at the same time as much dangerous .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Film in war zones -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous in the end .
In fact , in a large part of my career , I 've been <unk> in situations with the only goal of trying to look at social questions in ways that are interesting , interesting , and hopefully analyze them in a way that you look at fun and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands , and the patronage wanted to do something a little different .
So some of you may have heard about it , or not , a couple of weeks ago I took a warning in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I volunteered for the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What I was next to : `` You know my TEDTalk , which you do n't have an idea of what it 's about and as content as content , especially if I put it into ridiculous , or your company to do it .
But that 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a title on progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> , I knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you would have asked me a year ago , I would n't have been able to tell them .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we tested the marketing world , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be done , nothing could be <unk> , for something so difficult or so dangerous to go into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan : I want to make a film that 's going to try to try to try and try to try and try and try and try and try and try and get it with <unk> of products and marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The Great film ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest movie ever sold '' is that all of the top at the bottom , in principle to end , it has images of brand , all the time -- from the <unk> that appears before the title , the X mark .
Now this brand , <unk> north , the <unk> Center .
These people were going to be thrown into film forever .
And so the film is exploring this whole idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . ) That 's a hell . Is it redundant . ( MK : It 's redundant ? ''
I 'm a pet pet .
It was `` starfish . ''
But we 're not just going to have the mark of the brand of X mark in the title , but we 're going to make sure of burning all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most exciting shoe that you used .
The most cool car that you 've led in `` The Great film ever sold , '' the best drink that you 'd ever drunk , <unk> from `` The biggest film ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then also to show brands as part of life , making them <unk> the film ? ( MS : Making the film . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the film is transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , from beginning to end .
And I would love to be able to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman -- you know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : But I do n't know how responsive people are going to be .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to resonate ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money does it need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard the meeting with them , but it certainly is worth convincing to a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out , we 'll see as a whole bunch of idiocy .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But it 's going to be hard to sell it , by the film or for being me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : ... that means you 're not very optimistic .
So help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge ) When you look at people you have to treat ...
MK : We have some places to go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought , `` switch off the camera , '' meant we have a conversation out of microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so one of all these companies suddenly disappeared .
None of them wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , it was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , making so many people saw it as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the setting of the media , is n't the idea to have that new vehicle that 's going to take the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> error and that error was this one .
Actually , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been fine .
But the problem was what this picture represents .
See , when you look at <unk> images on Google , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your way to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- it 's easily detected or seen ; it 's easily understandable , which is characterized by the visibility or access to information , especially in business practices -- the last line perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we heard a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named President claims , even the CEOs called the name .
But all of a sudden when it comes to it actually something changes change .
But why ? Well , transparency is afraid -- like that rare bear that still continues .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is risky ?
<unk> a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell them , we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want us to tell ourselves .
We want to tell a story , but tell us a story . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is staring at me as a guy , and he said , `` Son , there 's three sides in every story .
There 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , a agency wanting to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> of many years -- I realized I would have to go on to my own , I would have to take away the proxy and go to companies myself with all my team .
So what I started to give you all of a sudden , and that I started to give me <unk> is that when you start talking with the companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , giant movies , and others who make little movies , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make movies of big , giant Hollywood movies say that the reason their movies are so successful is because of the associated brands that they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The Great film ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically sunfish in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see a little nervous .
I want to help you get to you .
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there it would offer you one of these great cool .
`` <unk> <unk> '' as `` Paradise of Paradise . ''
We 're going to have both of the men as a woman , solid , to <unk> it , on bar , like it .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a glimpse .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of little movies that you made ; we 're more well a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that has other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , remind people , is why we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe mastodon ?
Fish is in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : <unk> <unk> .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talked about something bold , cool .
I think that `` cool '' is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus `` combat smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do you keep you cool for me ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times .
Things like that that highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common kind of ?
I need to talk to the man of the street , the people like me , to the ordinary <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Hmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the '80s , punk punk unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : Okay , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : unique ) Man : I guess the gender type , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like a lot of the dark colors , many gray and things like that .
Usually I wear like sunglasses , or I like crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan was a brand of a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I am , I would call it casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : On a hippie part , in part of <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
It 's <unk> toys in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because I deliver their commodities .
Man 5 : Nation <unk> failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , not all of us can be brand paper , but I often lie at the intersection of dark <unk> , casual <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Alex <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discovering that brand personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first photo is a familiar photo .
A little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings of being .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world where you live -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from and start in a place and in my case , and they start and start in my family , in West Virginia .
So what is the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
So how does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way of being ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about `` why '' -- what does that work for us ?
What 's the asset ? What phase of <unk> are you now ?
Why is we important to restart it ? What 's the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
... a little bit more of you , who is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster you are ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yes . ( MS : Thank you very much . Okay .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to get out of this .
There was a lot crazy about this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there 's two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality , the Morgan Morgan 's mark is a <unk> brand .
They 're getting very nicely together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox on them .
And I think some companies would only be focused on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both .
Many companies tend to -- and it 's nature to avoid the things that are not safe ; they 're going to avoid fear , those elements , and you 're actually going to hurry up and make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see that here by Target here , Wii , Mini of Mini <unk> and <unk> .
Now there 's playful marks and brands , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is quite powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What is your brand ?
If somebody asks you to raise your brand identity , your brand personality , what would you be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you more well a attribute ?
A little quieter , reserved , conservative ?
Local attributes are like playful being fresh like the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , adventurous or bold as <unk> <unk> , fast or agile , dominant , dominant or mystic like <unk> .
Or are you a <unk> ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , vendor , protector ? Do you identify with Oprah ?
Are you reliable , stable , family , insurance , contemplative , contemplative or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 companies and bottom-up and descending , which said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mostly because they would have no control , they would have no control over the end .
We allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we 've got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use MRI , to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing like film .
We went to St. Paulo , where it 's banned outdoors .
In the city over the last five years , there 's no fences , there 's no posters , there 's nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are getting their way into schools with liquidity problems in America .
The incredible thing for me is that the projects that I 've had the biggest response or the ones that I 've been most successful about are those in which I interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
They took the <unk> , took their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to challenge people , who will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how has it gone ? They were successful ?
Well , since the movie was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the movie was released in January , and since then -- this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This is just a period of two weeks and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is still not yet .
It 's not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad because almost all the agencies that we 're talking about is not a part of it .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get out of the people that are pushing it out .
I think that when you train your employees at risk , they 're preparing their entire company to be being reward .
I feel that what it has to happen to do is we need to encourage people to risk .
We need to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can do .
Ultimately , I will move forward , I think we need to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear into a cage .
<unk> fear . <unk> the risk .
From one <unk> at the time , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to harbor transparency .
More than ever a little bit about honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk , `` <unk> transparency , '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for a mile bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So Morgan , on behalf of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I have a check at the name of the TED Age organization , the Sapling Foundation , a check for months to be applied to my assistance for TED next year .
And the idea behind the virtual worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> plant of <unk> in <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to engage these systems that are controlling speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we could put an effective cell virus in a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started researching about Stuxnet on six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very complex at the part of Windows : the <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities <unk> .
It seemed like to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That really struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and saw what was going on with this .
So they 've got very strange things .
Stuxnet actually behaves like a laboratory rat that did n't like our cheese : they wave it , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a targeted attack .
It 's completely driven . ''
The <unk> is looking for active box in the gray box if it finds a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working on that place .
If no , Stuxnet does nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say for example , an American energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Now , you 'd better get the goal soon .
And so we pulled out and <unk> the attack code , and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs : a small and a big one .
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information .
It 's all the points for them to attack .
They probably even know how much they fix the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that when you 've heard the Stuxnet of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the load is very complex .
It 's pretty much above everything we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this game code .
We 're talking about about 15 thousand lines of code .
It looks pretty much as the old Antarctic language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking at at first was called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking at <unk> and data structures , and we tried to do it with the real world , with potential targets in the real world .
We need theories about recipients that we could approve of .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a valuable white , and it 's probably located in Iran , because it 's where most of the infections have been <unk> .
There are not many thousands of targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear <unk> plant and the <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants among our clients . ''
And I called them and I looked at them in an effort to get her experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
Now rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object that you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can <unk> them and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the attack of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to go back to the maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this quickly .
We tried to figure out the big digital <unk> looking at very close to the data and their structures .
So , for example , the <unk> number stands up in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started looking at scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they are structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are split in 15 parts of stages .
And guess what do we find in the attack code ?
A almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had in between .
For that there 's no misunderstandings : it was n't .
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work .
That 's routinely <unk> at dead ends and we had to go back .
Yet , we found that both digital warheads were just going to be just a single goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making spinning the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry about other targets are going to be taken for Stuxnet .
Here I 'm showing you some really interesting things that we saw , really impressed me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing is doing is intercept the input values of the sensors for example , of the sensors of the pressure and the data sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false input data .
And believe it or not , these fake entry data are <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like Hollywood movies , where , during the robbery , the security camera gets <unk> <unk> .
That 's great ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is <unk> a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the vast steam turbine is going on the speed , you have to open <unk> valves on a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't do a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then you can spend bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And you do n't know , or not the security system you 'll notice .
That scares me .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> .
It could also work , for example , in a power plant , or in a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like attacker , that disseminate this burden on a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional <unk> technology .
You can get the possible thing .
And if you made that , with what <unk> is with a massive destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals that are not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to deal with the consequences , and better than we begin to do now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , there 's been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your view ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay . Do you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can carry on , and that I give you a <unk> skills , or another thing to make your wheelchairs raise and go back .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' , we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different than something that you put in the morning , gives you a great force , which also increases your speed , and help them , for example , handle balance .
It 's actually the real integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and hook it up with the universe and with other foreign tools .
This is not a false idea .
To show you now what we 're working on , we 're going to talk about the American soldier who , on average , has to take on their back a load of 45 kilos , and it 's pushing you even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injury in the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic shoulders .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help drive the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or <unk> Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Rights .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton , I can carry 90 kilos of variables for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to get into a lot of crawl and execute hard agility .
I want to do what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it enhances my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the <unk> of chairs , what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people about it , in the wheelchair , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens very often , very young people with the spinal cord that when we start their life -- 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We 're also talking about the population that 's aging very quickly .
Their only option , many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been so over the last 500 years , from their successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter of mobility .
So let me introduce you to the <unk> , which is what 19 years ago , who 's 19 years ago , had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result was unable to walk for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
<unk> not in the crutches that send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There 's also a battery that gives power to the motors on the hips , and on the knees , and they make it move through this soft and soft , very natural gait .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a stranger , jump in the air , skiing in the road , he was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost everything and all the motion of the pelvis down .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk again . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole myself to the last bit of hope of my self .
<unk> technology since then , it 's allowed me to learn to <unk> it costs in <unk> , climbing rocks and even riding a bicycle bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit on and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only of soldiers , but Amanda , and all of the lawn chairs , everybody .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> Man festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of the wild Bonobos in the forests of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with the chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , that lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've made too much emphasis on this aspect of our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large , terrifying guys , the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has not yet observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest <unk> , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been extended for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
It 's not surprising that this destruction is also putting in the survival of the Bonobo .
The meat trade and deforestation do you ca n't fill in a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure of it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the <unk> laughter .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` Make love , not war , '' because they have frequent and bisexual sex and bisexual and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because the life of the Bonobo is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , as humans , love to play throughout their entire life .
Play is not just a child 's game .
For us and for them , the game is fundamental to establish ties and encourage tolerance .
With him , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo game , you see the very evolutionary roots of laughter , dance and human ritual .
The game is the glue that ties us together .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken out of the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobo 's website -- and I do n't talk football .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` It 's got it <unk> . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So the sex game is common in Bonobos as in humans .
And this video really is interesting , because it shows -- this video really is interesting , because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like <unk> and also how the game requires trust and promotes confidence -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can adopt a lot of ways , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the awe is going to be solved .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with water .
I think , as she , sometimes we play alone , and we explore the boundaries of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we formed is the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just little samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future that we have to adapt to a world increasingly difficult to greater creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we know how much of our game capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans , it 's not just cruel and remorseless .
When it seems less appropriate to play , you can be the moments when it 's the most urgent .
So , by that , fellow primates , let 's accept this gift of evolution and play together as we 're having creativity , friendship and awe .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not battling poverty , <unk> fires as a captain of captain in a body of volunteer fire .
And in our city , where volunteers are a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But still , there was a career on foot against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and find out what our task was .
When I found the captain , he was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that he certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at the end of night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in the pajamas , barefoot , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I 'd just arrived before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> came up first to the captain , and he asked her to go back and save the owner of the owner 's owner .
The dog ! I was jealous .
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people that I walked into a burning building to save a living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need that between the house .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went down the stairs , at the end of the hallway , went to the <unk> firemen , which was at the very height that they had finished putting off the fire and entered the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my load back through the staircase where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog on the front door .
We took our treasures out of the house that I was waiting for , as he was waiting , his treasure received much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department got a letter from the house of the house that was <unk> by the brave proved to save his house .
Now , kindness she looked at about what else was that somebody had reached a pair of shoes .
Both of my calling in Robin Hood , like in my calling as a volunteer fireman is a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also acts of grace and courage .
And you know what I 've learned ?
It all has its importance .
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're doing , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you that , do n't wait .
Do n't wait to earn the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , let 's run away now .
They put food in a dining room , <unk> a park park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to influence someone 's life .
So I trained the game ; I 'm going to give you the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of concrete block .
The first concrete blocks was built in 1868 with a very simple idea : cement modules on a fixed measure that fit each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used building unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build bigger things than we , like buildings or bridges , a brick at a time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , they came up with this .
He was called automatic assembly .
And in a few years , the LEGO bricks came to all the homes .
It 's been estimated that over 400 billion or 75 blocks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO made it accessible .
LEGO simply adopted the block block , the favorite in the world , and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in Bell labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks and piled on each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor allows to create much bigger and more complex circuits , a brick at the time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I began to develop <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronics every single one with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about everything is that they put together through magnets .
So you ca n't put it in a wrong way .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the current , the rose is the entrance , and the orange one is the wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green one , and very quickly , you can start to make older circuits .
A blue one with one green you produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have an regulator regulator .
If we change the button by a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a <unk> .
We put this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , <unk> allows us to program using intuitive gestures .
To make you blink faster or slower , you just turn this button that makes your pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world will be trained to decide to use .
<unk> , the sounds , solar panels , motors , everything must be accessible .
We 've given the kids to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how they begin to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how does a daylight work , or why the door of an elevator is maintained open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to <unk> to design schools .
So , for example , designers without expertise in electronics start to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with bottles of paper and felt , we 've got to <unk> .
( metal noise ) A few weeks ago , we 've got to <unk> the designers of Rhode Island School of Rhode Island School , which have no experience in engineering and wood and paper , and we said , Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a <unk> <unk> <unk> .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a lobster made of clay that 's afraid of the darkness .
For these not engineers , it became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be at the grasp of everybody .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can go to the website , download all the design files and make them come .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world in which we live , this interactive world , is our own .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about the unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is trying to get involved in the environment .
distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little to carry .
We can -- we can continue to get the video better .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Solar is ...
Oh , am I going to tell you the time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you 're supposed to do , and we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America and would be like a bit of <unk> Peace .
We 've got some members every year and we put them into work with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send them to the wild world world .
They did large applications ; they worked with municipal employees .
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology today .
Think about it .
It 's a fire hydrant .
Here 's how if I would find a date , but what it really looks like is that somebody would clean up when it 's caught up by snow , because they know that it 's not very good by turning fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> members for America .
They were there in February , and at that time , it was a long time last year .
They realized that the city never wiped these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens would argue with shovels the sidewalks just in front of them .
So it made a good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant .
You accept clean when you 're going to get it .
By doing it , you put a name , in this case , he put him up .
If you do n't , somebody can be <unk> .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 models last year .
But something else technology does .
And it spreads viral .
One responsible for systems from Honolulu City to see this application realized that he could use it , not for snow , but for the citizens to make out of the tsunami .
It 's very important to work these Sirens from the tsunami , but people are stolen .
That 's why you ask the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided it to use it to make the citizens to have blindfolded .
And Chicago just just throw it out to make people walk in to clean sidewalks when they were going to go .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use .
And this has spread out of no friction , in an organic , natural way .
If you know a little bit about government technology , you know this does n't usually happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that he had done by regular channels , it would have taken at least two and the side of two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now , there 's a project in the nonprofit of California that up to the moment , 2,000 million dollars , and does n't work .
And there are projects like this at every level of government .
And so an app that shows you in a couple of days , and it spreads viral , it 's kind of a warning shot to the institution of the government .
It suggests the best ways to work , not like private companies , like many people think it should be .
Not like a technological company , but rather as the Internet itself .
I mean , no restrictions , in a open and generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way of addressing the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a collective institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out that we are very good for the collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not just <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a great frustration to that , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something that we 've lost .
And that is that if we leave the feelings of the politics , the row in the <unk> -- and all those other things that get us crazy , the government is essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together , because alone we ca n't . ''
Now , a lot of people have abandoned government .
If you 're one of those people , you would ask them to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And because the government ultimately came out of us -- remember that from `` We , the people , '' how to think about it is going to affect the way to produce change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , about <unk> .
This is the center of service care and information .
It 's the place that calls them calls if you 're a brand mark in the U.S .
Scott <unk> this call .
I joined `` <unk> '' on official knowledge base .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And finally , he said , `` Hey , you can open the doors of the house , put it very strong music and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
Do n't make that application .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New York City Rhode Boston .
One day , this really happened , comes this request : `` <unk> in my bucket of crap . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to leave you ? ''
<unk> <unk> dynamics is different .
Scott was talking in person .
In <unk> <unk> ' everything is public , so everybody can see this .
In this case , it saw a neighbor .
The next report , I said , `` I went to the place , I found the garbage cube behind the house .
Ready ? Yeah . Live ? Yes .
He made the cube . I went home .
Good evening , <unk> <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of income income for distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And I do n't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to join and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
I connected the two people .
And it could have connected to the governmental services of being needed , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When a neighbor helps another , let 's get the communities .
If we call animals control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we have to think about the government is not the same as politics .
Now , a lot of people understand it , but they think you 're the entry of the other .
That our entry to the government system is the vote .
How many times have they chosen a political leader ? We sometimes spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and it takes our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like an immense ocean , and politics is the surface of 15 inches .
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that keeps that thing that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our against , that other thing , and we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we 'll have to make the bureaucracy it will be sensual .
Because it 's where the real work of government happens .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens concerned that they 've written a very detailed report from 325 pages in response to the <unk> , on the project of financial reform .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for the ones that we 've been dealing with the government , it 's time for us to ask what world we want to leave to leave our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they have to face .
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of everybody ?
We ca n't without government , we need it to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to root the root function of government , so it can expand by strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not that difficult to act , just to articulate the systems of the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years , so I , and I 'm a generation of older than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up with the word and giving that for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk ; they 're all going to speak .
They can express your opinions at any same time and they do it .
And so when they face the problem of the government , they do n't really care about to hear your voices .
They 're using your hands .
They bring hands to work to program apps that make the government better .
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities .
It may be cleaning up a fire hydrant , taking out weeds , dumping a bucket of trash that has a <unk> inside .
Since then , we could always be cleaned up those hydrants and lots of people .
But these applications are like digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , we 're not only consumers of governance that we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until they do n't get citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will be a swarm of voices , or also we 'll be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has an identity .
And the things that are told here are impact all over the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean , because I think identity is important to be important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you 're taught with feeling , they can have special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , if it 's <unk> , it can get a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't actually learn this in law practice , my job .
I learned about my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African-American family of an matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in the family discussion .
She initiated a lot of <unk> in our home .
She was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840 .
She was born over 1880 , and his experience with slavery was the way that the world sees .
She was tough , but it was also love .
When I was a little girl , she looked at me , and I was given a good hug .
I was so strong I could barely breathe , and then I 'll get away .
One or two hours later , I would come back to look at her , he was approaching me , and I was saying , `` Did you still feel my hug ? ''
And if he said no , I hold myself again , and if he said yes , I left peace .
I had this human quality that I would always want to be near it .
The only problem is I had 10 children .
My mother was the least of 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a while with her , it was n't easy to capture your time and your attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight , I woke up one morning , I went to the room , and there they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
I thought it was a game .
So he looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 or 20 minutes , she got up , walked across the room , took me my hand and said , `` You see <unk> . We 're both going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me outside , and he said , `` Let 's tell you something , but you ca n't tell you . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now let me talk you wo n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
He said , `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to <unk> that I always have it . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to tell me is that you will always do the right thing , even though the right thing is difficult . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally , he said , `` The third thing I want you to do is that I 'm never alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in New York . I have a brother and a year old year and sister .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a <unk> package , I do n't know where he took it , grabbed my sister and went to the forest .
We just got the crazy ones .
He took a taste of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no , no . You follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today , you do it . And you always do the same thing as we .
I already took something , your sister also . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me staring at me candy .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
He came up with the force and he went , `` Oh , not that you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells you all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
I know this is widely spread .
But I 'm 52 years old , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this thinking that I 'm a virtue ; I mean by the power of the identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others who really do n't see sense .
We ca n't get things that do n't think we can do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in jail during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to it , we had to engage it .
Now , try and talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different from what was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There 's 2.3 million .
In America , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people on probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or black , you find so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One out of three black in between 18 and 30 , it 's in jail or at probation .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young color of color are in jail or at probation .
Our system is not just distorted to race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a justice system that is so much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth .
And it seems to be very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger make us believe that these are not problems .
We 're disconnected .
I think that 's interesting .
We 're looking at our work some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , your rights will always leave if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we took it to the next 10 years the level of loss of rights to be as high as it was before we get the law of law to vote .
We have this stunning silence .
I represent children .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where it was sentencing for 13 years to die in prison .
We have this country prison for children , no possibility to go out .
Now we 're in a process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
In a certain sense , you 've got to think that the ultimate question is , people deserve to die for <unk> ?
Very sensitive question .
But you can think about another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way of looking at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
From every nine people executed , it has identified one that is innocent and liberated from the death row .
A rate of error , amazing -- an innocent one in nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , it would never be allowed to fly airplanes , if from every nine to take off , you would have gone away .
But in some way we isolate the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time that began at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted until World War II .
We really do n't know much about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was kind of defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The terror threat was what their lives defined .
Now there are older people who get closer to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you 're teaching talks , <unk> , people who stop saying that in our history we deal for the first time with terrorism , after <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Hi that we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of obesity and separation of separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And it 's why we have n't understood what we 've made meaning of what we 've done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We 're constantly creating tensions and conflict .
It costs us to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a truth and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome segregation without a compromise with the truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany , giving talks about death penalty .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know , it 's well worrying to listen to what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We have no death penalty in Germany .
Naturally , we 'll never be able to have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There is no way that with our story , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , we would put people . ''
It 's about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would do it with people , especially if they were mostly Jewish ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these issues that are so difficult , the positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We are fascinated by technology . We will support creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , these realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both things .
lately we talked about the need to have more hope , more compromise , more dedication with the basic challenges of life in this complex world .
I think that means spending longer thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
So thinking about them , in a way , something that 's within our own self .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . Even though it 's so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity . Growth is not just the brain ideas .
These things come from sufficient ideas also by the convictions of the heart .
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look not only in the bright and dazzling , but it 's also difficult .
We 're going to be transformed by the <unk> leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering , we wanted all sorts of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , guidance for the spirit , a will for being in places of despair and being witnesses . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , has to engage .
There 's no disconnect related to technology and design , which allows us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks .
These women came together just to speak .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady called me , to say , `` <unk> , Chariot 's coming . We 're going to bring us to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Be a lady . Yeah . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I would answer , `` <unk> . ''
So I went , and I just listened to him .
It was a very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was there listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , let me give me that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been doomed unfairly .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice .
We 're trying to end up with the sentences of life , without parole .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in jails .
We 're trying to end up with massive <unk> . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and I finished looking at me and said , `` Hmm , hmm . ''
And he said , `` Get exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that time , Ms. <unk> leaned down , put me on the face of the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , but very brave . ''
I think that actually , the TED community has to be much more stressed .
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been raised in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that every one of us is higher to the worst we 've made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that belongs to it , it 's not that it 's a thief .
Even if someone kills another , it 's not that it 's a killer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very beautiful , very beautiful , very <unk> , is not being judged by our technology , for our designs , or our intellectual ability or rational .
In the end , you judge the character of a society , not because of the way they treat the rich , powerful and privileged , but as they treat the poor , the prisoners , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
Be tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my stories of an important way .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of toughness .
I 'm going to jail , and I see my clients of 13 and 14 years , who have been <unk> for them as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn someone into what is n't it ?
The judge was <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One night very late , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , you must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for something about that .
As I was very late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14 year-old customer , a small , poor , black man .
I began to work in the <unk> , with a <unk> saying , `` <unk> for my <unk> black client to be treated like a privileged end of 75 , a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I had been able to have been unprecedented conduct in accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country there is no ethics , but a whole lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , it was n't just <unk> , but he had sent it to court .
For about two months , I had already forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got on the car and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went in the car to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally got off the car . I walked to court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a bigger black man ; it was the trial studio .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Are you a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I approached it , and I got married .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That 's deeply connected with my interior , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to community with a vision of hope .
Well , I walked into the audience .
When I arrived , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yes , Mr. Yeah . '' And we started discussing .
People started to come . They were all <unk> .
I was the one who had written those crazy ones .
They 've got the police tax policemen , the auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . All furious , because we talked about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I got to see what was going and came .
I would look out the window and let me hear all that <unk> .
I kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , a face of concern , walked into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the rest of a <unk> assistant , he showed me upset , because the concierge had entered the room .
The assistant ran over the old black black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience room ? ''
And the old black man stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I walked into this audience room to tell this young man who would keep his view on the target target . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral bow in the universe is very large , but it folds towards justice .
That we ca n't truly be human , if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of the people who share this , I just want to tell you that keep the view on the target target .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see an obvious desire in the audience , of this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> , this spring , which is going to be able to make an effort to address the funds that are spent today in punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on death row , over the next five years . A billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases in murder , not <unk> in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds to make the law for the law , to security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate .
What would you say that this is ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence .
It 's for the wrong war on drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life , to steal a bicycle , for small crimes against property crimes , instead of making those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our philosophy today about punishment does n't do anything about anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've excited us today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They grow the threats by Bin Laden death .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> . <unk> .
<unk> 4 : <unk> <unk> : <unk> 5 .
<unk> 6 : Social <unk> : 65 dead .
<unk> 8 : <unk> of tsunami -- <unk> 9 : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War War . It is massive .
Recession . <unk> . End end . Egypt . Syria .
Death . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months . <unk> could be over the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that media media will prefer <unk> news because our minds pay attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses get more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing is important to us than to survive , the first stop of all of those data is an old snippet of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm .
That 's why a <unk> of stories would look at the negative .
That old saying of the press : `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And since all digital devices provide negative news for the seven days of a week , 24 hours a day , it 's not surprising to be pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going for worse .
But maybe it 's not like that .
Maybe , instead , what really happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps the huge progress conducted in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the oxygen of species , the scarcity of water and energy ; we have no doubts .
As human beings are very good at <unk> the problems , and on the long , we end up with them .
Let 's take it on the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , the average per capita income for inflation has tripled in all over the world .
Child mortality has reduced 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of electricity and transportation and communications , has fallen 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles obese that the global literacy went from 25 to over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget about it .
And we continue to give ourselves more and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , TV , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the past century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxuries .
And so much of this is the technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that we 're making in technology technology technology , jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price of price in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that is -- at good and bad times , in war and in peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop for any big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , curve goes up .
The growth rate of technology is more and faster .
And in this curve , the Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies with which we tell .
The cloud computing , that my friends from Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics and the ability of democratize 3D and its ability to democratize it , and personalized production across the planet , synthetic biology , fuels , vaccines and food , digital medicine , mathematicians and A.I . .
I mean , how many saw the victory in `` Jeopardy '' from Watson , from IBM ?
It was epic .
I looked for the newspapers , the best headline there .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> to human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
He plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available to all in your cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we have to release a company , or a product or service , that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students can impact a billion people .
Thirty years ago , there would be absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done it .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for each of the planet -- it 's about creating a life of how possible .
It 's about taking that that is scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's an Napoleon 's story of Napoleon III in <unk> .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's troops ate with covered , and the same Napoleon , with covered gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate with aluminum mold .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it was worth more than gold and platinum .
For that reason , the tip of Washington Washington 's end is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is 0.6 , it does n't come as pure metal .
It is tethered by oxygen and <unk> .
But then he got the <unk> and made aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
Let 's take this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to the Earth 16 <unk> every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's about accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the produced of diesel : earthquake rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , the MIT published a study that shows that by the end of the decade , in the <unk> parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents to an hour compared to the 15 cents of national average .
And if we have abundance of energy also , we have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the wars for water .
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager Sagan pointed at the Earth , 1990 , after Saturn , Saturn ?
It 's a famous picture . How would it call it ?
`` A blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent per water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater ; two percent is ice , and we fight for 0.5 percent of the world 's water , but there 's also a hope .
It 's a technology available not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes nanotechnology , they come in .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen , this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , he gave me permission to do it -- your technology called <unk> <unk> 's size is the size of a small fridge .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water in any source of salt water , polluted water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coke has just thought that I 'm going to make a major test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out right , and I have full confidence that this is going to be , Coca-Cola would implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an <unk> innovation that we have today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to reach 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya that President Reagan 25 years ago .
And , from having a smartphone with Google , he has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton about 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that no one could have predicted .
And better than that , the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars , <unk> , images , libraries of books and music , libraries of books and music <unk> now , and they lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing to get to when you show up health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure of announce with the <unk> Foundation -- something called the X <unk> Award , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they 're talking about , and because it has an A.I . , can coughing , can be extracted from your finger .
To win , you have to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there 's no doctors , where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health care workers .
When this device <unk> a virus of RNA or DNA that does n't recognize , I call the application of the health and , in the first place , prevent the pandemic .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We just spent the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , pass from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds never before you heard the global conversation .
What do these people want ?
What do you want to have ?
And instead of economic collapse , we will have the biggest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars in the global economy .
And <unk> of more health , thanks to the <unk> , of a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D prints and computer computing will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide 3,000 billion more than all of humanity , healthy educated and productive ?
How about voices never before ?
What if we give the oppressed , wherever you are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What about these three billion ?
What if they are contributions we ca n't predict ?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that before you only could make great corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end by sharing a story that really excited about .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold up the protein .
The folds determine the structure and functionality .
It 's something very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played this with this college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined in and began to play it .
And it has been shown that today 's recognition recognition machinery is better protein than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me an enormous confidence in the future is that today we have more power to take the great challenges of the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of innovative <unk> .
We have the <unk> capital capital .
And we 've got 3,000 billion new minds that we were getting excited to work on the solution of the big challenges and to do what we should do .
We have extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
It 's a starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , before I give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
Maybe he thought he was stunned , but it was n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described to one of them as a common .
It was grouper .
He caught him a lot to the 1880s .
Now the fish is in the Red List of the IUCN .
But we heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that does n't have anything special about it .
But the case is that we still come to Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The leaflets still says they are intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story is also illustrates another concept : shift from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
It burned so much with the sun and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon is surrounded by palms , and as you can see , from some mangroves .
There were <unk> from about 20 centimeters , a black beard .
And the fishery of this tilapia was very abundant and was going on for a good moment , so he was earning more than the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the number of fish had halved .
<unk> at the five centimeters .
It 's a genetic pressure .
There was still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing is changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of <unk> fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s -- well , we started in <unk> Europe , which was done a lot of development projects .
The fishing development was imposing the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , including industrial fisheries .
And this boat , pretty much ugly , was called the <unk> 4 .
I went to fishing in it , and we did studies in South Africa , <unk> , and especially in the Java Sea .
What we captured there was something <unk> .
<unk> , now , the sea fund .
Ninety percent of what we capture were sponges , other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny spots on some remains of debris , remains that are fish from coral reef .
In short , the sea background came to the deck and then was launched .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study , and then it starts commercial fishing .
The bottom line of being a solid coral background in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . They 'll play it because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
It was still not yet .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what they collect the fishermen every time they 're going to have ever fish .
But it does n't have documented .
We turn the world , but we did n't remember it .
And I 've got a starting point , at the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you 're looking at this , something is happening .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with <unk> .
Every generation to use the pictures , we received the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the amount of changes .
And in the end of keeping some miserable remains .
And that , largely , is what we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies were killing animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before extinct , is unlikely .
You do n't lose plentiful animals .
You lose little animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on large animals , and in a sea synonymous with big fish .
They become unlikely , because we take them away .
At the time there are few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that it was very different .
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a earlier way is not the way that they would expect that the evidence is .
For example , the anecdote that some of them present , as a captain of such as a captain , can not be used or , usually do n't use the scientists from fishing , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So , we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in societies , because they do n't trust the sources of the past .
From there big paper that can fulfill a protected marine zone .
Because with the marine areas , we really <unk> the past .
We 're going to have the past that people can not conceive of because the starting point has been run and it 's extremely low .
That 's for the people that you can see a protected marine zone , and they can benefit from the vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their departure .
And what about the people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and cinema , maybe you can fill in the void , the simulation .
This is a section of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago , there was gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were moved with the movie -- never talk about the story of letting them look at the pictures ?
Because it raises something that , in a certain sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , `` Avatar II '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube manager of YouTube -- and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So today , we 're going to see why videos are made viral and what importance has that .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians , -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the web video makes any of us , or our actions , copper upbeat in part of our global culture .
Anyone can be famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
They go up over 48 hours on YouTube per minute .
And , from those , only a small percentage of it gets viral , he gets lots of hits and he wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , the communities of participation and surprise .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
My God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> ran this video out of his house in the National Park National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This chart shows the collections on the rise of last summer last summer .
<unk> did n't speak a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
There were already a lot of videos of nature .
This video was published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that <unk> the video to popularity .
The tendencies of trends like Jimmy <unk> are presented to us new and interesting things , and they 're going to put them into a broader audience .
RS : It 's Friday , Friday . You have to start on Friday . You want to get on Friday . You want a weekend . <unk> , Friday , you start on Friday . KA : You wo n't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> . '' Black Rebecca is one of the most popular videos of the year .
They saw almost 200 million times this year .
This chart shows the frequency of use .
Just like `` rainbow ) double , '' this video seemed to have emerged from nothing .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other peaks , it 's also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took them <unk> and lots of blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people to do a joke about video on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or a group of creators embrace a point of view and share it with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So this community of people who share this great internal joke , then he starts talking about that and doing things .
And now there 's 10,000 <unk> <unk> .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other .
Unlike the one-way culture of the 20th century , this community participation is our way of being part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is a repetitive animation with a chord music .
That 's that , that 's all .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a <unk> version that you 've seen four million times .
Until cats saw this video .
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is creativity that sparked between the Internet Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody did an old version of it .
And then it became international .
Suddenly , a whole community arose that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all form .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we entered .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted `` rainbow Child <unk> '' or Rebecca `` <unk> Cat '' ?
What script could have been written to be written by this situation ?
In a world in which two days of video is going up two days per minute , just the only unique and unexpected thing can fit in the way these things have done it .
When a friend told me that I had to see this big video of a kind of video that would protest against <unk> in New York City , I admit I was n't interested in too .
Casey <unk> : I 've got a ticket for not <unk> by the <unk> , but often there are obstacles that you keep being kept properly by <unk> .
KA : Thank you to surprise effect and humor , Casey <unk> made five million watched and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new thing that we make creative ways .
And all this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , the creative communities of participation , the creative communities of a new media , of a new culture , which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
You do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , they are barely the media 's characteristics , but we 'll take the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still going on .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life was supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country .
Imagine as the communist they come in in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been completely in vain .
The words , for so much of my friends , are making fun .
It was quiet in silence .
He died in history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let it have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to <unk> it , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to dawn <unk> to the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years old when his father died , and a marriage man and two little girls .
For her , life had been destined for a task : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a <unk> <unk> , which challenges the fiction , a boat slid into the sea dress in fishing ship .
All the adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear was pirates , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother had a little shy of poison .
If you catch us , first we 'd take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow , diving into each wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat , or the dying engine and not being able to begin for six hours .
But I know , I remember the lights of the oil rig in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed , and he died , finished the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given by the men of the platform .
No apple had even the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of working class that population is composed of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class suburbs , whose existence was , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the fragments of English <unk> had been traded among people who had a common thing : they were starting again .
My mother worked in farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double shift .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a degree in IT .
We were poor .
All of the dollars were assigned to , and established an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , would n't matter what you should be removed , which is usually new clothing ; always <unk> .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
She 's a school uniform to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there were <unk> and <unk> on the `` <unk> eyes '' and some graffiti : `` bam , go home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me will get stuck .
And I was accumulating , and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to give you <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I would lie on the same bed .
My mother was taxed every night , but we told us about our day and we were listening to the movements of our grandmother 's movements .
My mother had nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to get her .
She opened up a computer store , and then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And the women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were trapped in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
They created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , I was the classic Asian student , relentless Asian student .
In the other , I was very close in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , abuse of drugs and isolation .
But many of them received help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year , I was elected the young Australian young Australian young .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
And I read the <unk> resident <unk> , was now as I read , refugee and social activist , invited to talk to me where I had never heard of , and in homes she had never imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat into the routines and the comfort of life in one particular suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters ending up the day as they did for about 20 years , <unk> over the day of each and running <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had now the same age she had when she got up to the boat .
`` No '' had ever been an option .
`` Do you , '' he said , `` You 're not what those . ''
So I talked about <unk> youth and education , and the <unk> to the marginalized .
And the more frankly talking , the more I was talking about .
I met people from all the roads in life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of how possible .
And although I finished my undergraduate , I realized I could n't stay in a lawyer 's career .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an unknown , a newly new one arrived , and not just that it 's fine , but it 's something to be grateful , maybe a gift of the boat .
Because being inside it can easily mean to take out the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is broken , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that would n't have been <unk> , they were tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a weird mix of humility and courage .
So I kept my intuition .
So let 's get a small group of people to the <unk> who said , `` You ca n't do it , '' was a compelling challenge .
For one year , we did n't have a dime .
At the end of every day , I made a <unk> pot that we all shared .
<unk> until the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we open up .
It took the decision to move to the U.S .
After a single journey .
My hunch again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure was going on .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
Her father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
And the 17 became <unk> of a <unk> whose mother would beat him .
Without her husband 's support , he caused an stir to the <unk> and bring the cause himself , and much more <unk> caused him .
The ca n't happen to be wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , 3,000 miles in Melbourne .
I looked through the shower of the shower and I saw him stop the other side .
I knew I 'd come again .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around their casket .
We tell her stories , and we made sure that we were still with it .
The night a monk came and told us that I had to close the casket .
My mother asked us to raise his hand .
And I asked the monk , `` Why is her hand hot , and the rest of the very cold body ? ''
Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't got it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who had gotten to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would easily make sure .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I 'm wondering about the boat .
Who could wish that for itself ?
However , I 'm afraid of the privilege of easy .
Can I give you a bow in your life , diving brave on each wave , the constant rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it and see them safely , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother here , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the skies summit , with the Sufi Sufi singer .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the age of ancient Indian epic .
In those days when Indians , we wanted to travel to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when <unk> , the great Prince Indian warrior , he had thirst , he would pull an arch , and with a <unk> on the floor , he could get water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we pulled out was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that 's a huge thing to me .
Every time I felt a little bit more <unk> .
And I was telling myself this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't tell my friends .
It seemed like the technology had to let magic , not kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his <unk> silver <unk> .
And this very <unk> technology was to my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , of pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had a sense that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras keep that we 're born .
We 've got our inspiration .
So I was launched , I was sent to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , instead of killing her .
It was books from the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
<unk> the text with the image , the animation and touch .
The storytelling becomes more and more <unk> .
But what is that for us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so , he says , `` This box belongs to -- '' I write my name .
And so I 'm back to a book of the book .
In several times , it comes to me a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through the GPS -- that 's led to me .
My inner girl gets excited about all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but at that magic of childhood , to those ideas that children 's <unk> .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always exciting .
So here , we have to shift the iPad to release fireflies .
And indeed , they light up your way into what subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by as a child was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every world becomes a little bit of a little bit that I drag up to this magic device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every book in fantasy , there 's always been maps but have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you during the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go into it .
Another incredibly important aspect to me is to create Indian and contemporary content .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairy and <unk> , but how many people outside of India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the chambers of Indra over millennia , in an old , wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child history .
In a story that deals with today 's issues like environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked together , attached to their PCs , have not come out to the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions in the book is this one of the interactions that we have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections : sticks , rocks , pebbles and shells .
For some reason the kids do n't do it .
So to recover this childhood ritual , we have to go out and , in a chapter , you would take a picture to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex , and then stop .
So it 's created a digital collection of photos that then can be put on the Web .
A kid in London puts a photo of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A boy in India says , `` Today I saw a monkey . ''
And it 's created this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
Within the variants of the connection between magic , the Earth and technology is a lot of possibilities .
In the next book , we said , we 've got an interaction where you go out with the iPad and video on and video on and through augmented reality , he sees a group of mailing plants that appear on the inside of the house .
At a moment the screen is filled with leaves .
And you have to do the sound of the wind and you have to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where the forces of nature are <unk> with technology and magic and technology get closer to another .
<unk> the energy of the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and a child love that we sat down through a simple story .
Thank you .
And I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of the University was <unk> to a director of listening .
And not a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or you and I asked patients , family and acquaintances , what happens ?
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that all , or maybe not everybody , but most of the projects of <unk> failed , since we stopped listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's a very simple thing .
It 's got a doorknob and off .
Every morning I get on .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge of getting 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple that every time I connect , it sends my information to Google Health .
And my <unk> doctor has access to him as well . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time when I needed assistance or some urgency of that style , but see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale , and before you go up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's the pressure of the peers used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be <unk> to move people out of their chairs and together to develop recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people can , from their homes , take their blood pressure , pay your doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they get back to control and be captains of their own boat , but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the cost of attention , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like these , but it 's also using crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did , I 'd like to share it with you .
We all have shipping checks in cars .
Maybe we have them on our cell phones .
We know exactly where the ATM machines are in <unk> .
But where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find chains of fast food .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saving lives at this time .
What we did was we made crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked to the public that , if you look at a <unk> , you know , where , and when it 's open , and when it 's open , it 's sometimes opening up at the office and other are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> , they were introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , they can use their iPhone , and the next few weeks , using their cellphone from Microsoft to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we want to stop them globally .
We are <unk> all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act like a center for <unk> in the whole world .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody <unk> , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
And I would also like to invite companies around the world that could help us verify this <unk> .
You could be <unk> services or radio people , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in place .
Please help us help us , and not just improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share baloney .
Or is it <unk> photography ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that you ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed up with my earlier passion , but it was a little bit different because by using the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when the trigger presses .
For me photography , I had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
I felt that anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start to push the trigger .
Pictures like this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite it , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common objective of keeping realism of realism .
And when I say realism I mean <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can do , but I always want to have been captured in some way as a photograph .
Point that you have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It 's got more to do with capture an idea that has to capture a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them look real ?
Are the details or the colors ?
Did you look at the light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it in a two-dimensional surface .
It 's not really about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
I 'll show you a simple example .
Here we have three things that are perfectly psyched , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in some ways you can create something that still looks three-dimensional , as if there are .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that it really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process as we combine the pictures .
It 's really in combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture look like realistic I think they 're not even thinking , the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But by combining photographs , it 's very important to think about it , because otherwise something will be seen wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos combined have the same kind of light .
And these two images are playing with these requirements ; it took the same height and the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made .
This is another example .
You might think this is the image of a landscape , and the bottom is filtered .
But this picture is totally comprised of photographs of different locations .
In the staff , I think it 's easier to create a place to find a place that you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in winter , I knew I had several months to get rid of , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing journey .
The shores are different .
The <unk> part was captured on a stone well .
And yes , I even made red the house of the top of the island so that it looks taller .
So to get a realistic result , I think it takes planning .
It 's always starting with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here each piece is very well meant to be .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , the result can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , as many other we usually see , is a kind of a straight line on a log scale .
In other words , every step of here represents an order of magnitude on the yield scale .
Now , I 'm going to talk about technology with curved curves is new .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm just going to talk about .
Please light the lights .
<unk> more intensity because writing about paper .
Why do we plot technology curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if I draw them in a normal curve where , let 's say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I 'd like to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say a lot .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , in a <unk> curve would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something happens , it gives qualitative change .
If the technology of transport technology as fast as the microprocessors , past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go through that pace .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of a <unk> growth that every few years to advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to argue is -- look at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes .
Let 's take one of two things .
Or you can turn into a typical curve , it 's like this until something completely comes to something completely different , or maybe something like that .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like that .
So we 'd be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we 're in a transition from what used to be the world , in a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and ask myself , what is that new way that you take the world ?
What new state is the world going ?
The transition looks very , very confused if we 're embedded in it .
I remember the future in the year 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout the course of my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something is happening .
We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it 's all going to be so different to extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how that transition could be , how that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term .
The scale of time that I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at each billion years .
So , we go back about a half billion years when the Earth was a large rock sterile with lots of chemicals that we 're hanging around .
If we look at the way those chemicals get together , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and it 's that , at that time , I had floating around with all sorts of oil with all kinds of chemical recipes inside .
Some of those oil droplets was held a particular combination of chemicals that brought them into the outside , and so the drops of grew grew up .
And they started to split .
In a certain sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those harvest of oil .
But those drops were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random prescription of chemicals .
And every time they 've got an unequal distribution of chemicals that they had .
So every drop was a little different .
In fact , the drops that in some ways we were <unk> being better at the time to incorporate the surrounding chemicals , they grew more , collected more chemicals and divided more .
Usually they lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple chemistry , but things got interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction .
Somehow we do n't really understand these <unk> they learned to store information .
They learned to save information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , we 're going to fight in this <unk> evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have been stable since we evolved a half thousand years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here 's a hundred white powder , which I try to hide the airport security people .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this piece of DNA and <unk> 10 to 22 times .
So if you want 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot for everyone here , in fact , for every person in the world and is here .
If it was a <unk> would have put it in a virus , and it would have spread it in the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing the DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happy to be a billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things got very different , and that was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information to form the communities of cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , for example , we evolved resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found the way we avoid penicillin and <unk> them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there 's a lot of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication led to the communities that were in a way , in a way , were together in that , and set up a synergy .
In that way they live or failed together , whatever if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community , they 'd say more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities came around so that , in fact , they came together and decided to write the whole recipe from the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next stage , interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And in that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have lots of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , etc .
So these communities evolved and created more interesting levels than cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened inside these communities .
They started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that were n't doing more than processing information in community .
These are neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of record , understanding and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not at the period of evolutionary time .
So one organism could , for example , learn to not eat some fruit , because he knew wrong and sick the last time she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that by evolution have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit .
And so the fact that the nervous system built these information structures that we built out of the evolutionary process so much .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in the necessary time to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the trick trick .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm here sitting on emitting some <unk> and hopefully building an similar idea , vague and confused , in your head that holds some analogy to mine .
But we take something very complicated , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to begin to work as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've begun to do abstractions .
Now we went through periods of similar periods of multicellular organisms , and we <unk> our methods of registry and presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the CD-ROM , and so on .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which it made some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the time scales again .
The first stages of the story that I told you about took a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took about hundreds of millions of years .
The next , the language and so on , they took less than a million years .
And the next , like electronics , it seems to take a few decades .
The process goes back to it ; I guess it 's the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we 're looking at in this curve explosion .
We see that the process is consumed .
But I make my life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that work for <unk> would not be possible without the recent computer breakthroughs .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design it .
I do n't know that every transistor in that machine machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the <unk> designers , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it on the machine and the machine with that makes something that before you could n't , it gets much further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes methods that we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , you can run a hundred million instruction sequences ?
You could run these sequences of instructions at random , run all those programs , and take those that we 're going to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to tidy numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we found the programs that are closer to starting numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that a random bit of instructions of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But luckily , he could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that make the task better ?
<unk> those and <unk> them to the rest .
And now let me tell you the best of the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> on an analog , analog process of sex .
Let 's take two programs , which <unk> children , which <unk> <unk> , and that children will destroy the property properties .
So we got a new generation of software programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
Let 's go back .
We set out some mutations .
And it tries again and try again with another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we end up with programs that orders absolutely perfect .
In fact , they 're really much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze them to see how they work .
These are dark , weird programs .
But they did .
In fact , I do , I have the security that you get the goal , because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depended on doing that .
Once I went on a 747 with somebody else , and he takes a card and says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` Nice plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> who work together to offer a safe flight . '' Do n't you feel quiet ? ''
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce some more complex things than the normal engineering will .
However , we do n't understand the whole options .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
We now use those programs to make computers much faster , and so they can run these programs much faster .
It 's it , it 's self-fulfilling .
The thing goes faster and faster , and so I think it seems so fuzzy .
Because all these technologies are fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we are at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular .
We 're the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we are creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes .
But now comes the lunch , and I think it 's going to stop here before I fell .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I have long time long enough to afford to give up a part of my fake prestige .
Before I 'm dealing with my talk , let 's talk a little bit about baseball .
Why not ?
We 're near the end , the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's because of the rules , '' he talks about statistics and use to form a big baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it .
It 's called average of <unk> .
And we 're talking about 300 , of a <unk> <unk> .
That means <unk> bat , three of 10 times .
That means to throw the ball into the game field without being trapped , and that anybody who 's trying to throw it out to the first base , not to get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three tries for 10 .
You know how they call a <unk> <unk> ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know how they call a <unk> baseball ?
By the way , that 's someone who 's 10 strokes , it gets four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last Ted Williams , the last player in the League of <unk> in running a regular season .
Now let me talk about this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they are derivatives of a surgeon who has also a record of 400 in <unk> .
That does n't work , right ?
Now suppose they live in a place away , and a wanted to have two clogged coronary arteries and his family doctor delivered to a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's getting remarkably improved this year .
And the hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you believe that you should be the average of a heart surgeon , or orthopedic surgeon , a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very good .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in the medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a teacher .
What we do , however , is sending them up to the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
You know , ever , I 'd ever make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the take-home message when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional obsessive student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Sachs was studied to a blood test .
Maybe .
I 'm going to put it in my little <unk> , in the nurses of General General Toronto , not far away from here .
And I learned everything from memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the branching of every artery that comes out of the aorta , the frequent differential diagnosis and not usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And so much more and more knowledge .
And I was going very well ; I graduated with graduate .
And I 'm talking about the school of medicine with the impression that if you were to know everything , I would know everything , or as much as possible , close to all , because so I get rid of mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the <unk> lady .
I was a resident in a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady in the emergency service where I was working .
At the time , I was assigned to cardiology .
And when I asked a cardiologist to go to a cardiologist .
He 's reporting to the head of residents .
When I saw the lady <unk> , I was very excited .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gave me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes into the lungs , these are <unk> , and so there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on the treatment that would give him .
I gave aspirin and medication to ease the pressure on his heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And there it was when I made the first mistake ; he sent her home .
I actually made two mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents .
I did n't get up the phone , and I should have done what I should have done , which I was calling my boss and get him to get him to see him .
And if my boss had seen it , he would have been able to contribute information .
Maybe I did for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident that was <unk> attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , who could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
She was sent to his house , he did n't pay attention to a voice in my inner saying , `` Sachs , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse that I was taking care of the lady , `` Do you think that 's okay if you go to your house ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think I 'll be fine . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed up the high , and the ambulance with the ambulance took their home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went on with my work .
At the end of the day , I packed up to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was going to go home . At that time , I did something I do n't normally do .
It went through the emergency service service .
And there 's another nurse there , not the one who was taking care of the lady before , but another . He told me three words , those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists who fear it as well , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see patients <unk> .
The three words are : does it remember you ?
`` Do you remember the patient who sent her home ? ''
I asked the other <unk> nurse .
`` Well she went back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
After an hour of having come to his house , after I was given the tall , he suffered a collapse and her family called the 911 , and the ambulance brought in the emergency room with a <unk> blood pressure , which means a severe shock .
Just breathe and blue .
The emergency staff would have all its resources .
They give it medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> up to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because then he had a <unk> , and I expected against every hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was clear that I 'd never come up with .
He had permanent brain damage .
The family gathered together .
And in eight or nine days , it was going to be transferred to what was happening .
And in the ninth day , he left her going . The <unk> lady , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of the dying .
That was my first experience .
And the next few weeks , I would argue , and I experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture , and I felt just , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame , because you ca n't relate to your colleagues .
You make our peace and you never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad about it .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was an <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I 'd put things and made sure that I did n't get distracted .
And I kept asking those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why was he sent to her home ?
And in my worst moments , why did I made a mistake that was so dumb ?
Why do I choose medicine ?
Little by a little bit of that feeling was <unk> .
And I started feeling better .
And on one day , the sky opened up and finally went out the sky , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I did a deal with myself in which if we had the efforts to be perfect to make more mistakes , I would make those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
It turned back .
Two years later , he was an assistant in the emergency department in a northern community hospital in North Toronto , and I got a <unk> man with a pain in his throat .
I was very busy .
And he pointed out here .
I looked into his throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
He <unk> penicillin and sent it to his house .
But while he ran to the door , he kept pointing out her throat .
Two days later , when I came to do my name shift , my head asked to talk to me with me who 's sitting in his office .
And I made the three words : Does it remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain ?
Well he went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not your throat , but it 's going to be higher , and it can cause the close of those pathways .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
They managed to be managed by <unk> and recovered the few days .
And I went through the same period of embarrassment and <unk> , and I was born and went back to work , until again , again and again .
Two times in the same shift in emergency room , it 's not unacceptable .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they were going to be 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home and I do n't think it was a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray X-ray , but it turned out normal . A colleague who was checking his patient perceived some sensibility in the lower right quadrant , and he called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read liquid order for <unk> , and I asked my colleague that I saw it .
I reviewed it , and when I saw some sensibility in the lower right quadrant , he called the surgeon .
Both of them were operated and recovered .
But every case I would argue , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant ones have been over the last five years .
Only , shame and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't afford and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this to do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would go into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think of me .
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital had the wrong leg , believe me who would have difficulty looking at the eyes .
This is the system that we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system in which there are two positions : those who make mistakes and the ones that do n't , the ones that ca n't sleep , and the ones that have great outcomes and the ones that have great outcomes .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies that begin to attack that person .
We have the idea that if we do n't get to the people who make mistakes , we will stay a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've made a personal study of bad medical litigation and mistakes to learn how we could , from the first article that I wrote for Toronto , to my program , `` White Art , Black Art . Black Art . )
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where the mistakes happen every day , where one of 10 drugs are happening in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> <unk> in the hospital that <unk> infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 44,000 Canadian Canadian was killed by preventable doctors .
The U.S. Institute Institute was established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not matching the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospital system where knowledge goes up every two or three years , and we did n't tell us .
<unk> deprivation .
We ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , I 'd come from <unk> eyes and with alcohol breath , and all of a sudden my story was <unk> from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always .
And my patients are not cars . They do n't want their symptoms always in the same way .
All of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the <unk> professionals , good , not left one .
And with that , people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program , `` White <unk> , '' it 's already a custom saying , `` This is my worst mistake , '' I would say , `` This is my worst mistake , '' `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah blah , blah , blah , blah , `` What are your mistakes ? '' And let 's put the microphone into them .
And their students would go down , <unk> , will go down the head and remove saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> to say , `` Look , you do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The doctor 's doctor is human , you know , and it 's not proud of its mistakes , but he tries to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
We 're going to get the mistakes of other people not to catch them , but in a loving way , and support that everybody will benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes occasionally .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm an redefined doctor .
I 'm human , make mistakes .
And I feel so much , but I 'm so sorry to learn something that I can convey to others .
I do n't know what about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions take a day ?
Do you know how much we choose a week ?
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says to choose an American American , they 're about 70 a day .
It does n't do much , in a research , followed for a week of a group of companies of companies .
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were recorded by these executives and the time that we 're making decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , each work included a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think of his choices .
Do you know how many they belong to the <unk> category , and how many of an hour ?
How do you pretend how to address those decisions ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choosing to the overload of options .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , you raise your hand if you want to burn calories .
In another way , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive for you to take care .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of options ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high level -- at least in that time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There was about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 different water , and this was when we took the water on the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I asked myself , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different classes , including the ones that were in the sealed box coming from millennials .
Once I decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` Does this strategy that offer all these options ? ''
He pointed out to me the buses full of tourists that would come every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
Down .
They had <unk> different classes .
<unk> a post to <unk> , right to the tent .
We put it up there <unk> flavors , or about 24 flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what case people were willing to stop testing the jelly ?
More people stopped when there was 24 ; 60 percent , that when there was only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a jelly jar .
Here we find the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when there was 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
Of those who stopped when I was six , we saw that 30 percent bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy dancing if they found six , that if they found 24 .
Well , we 'll decide that we do n't buy phrases that we probably want to do , you 're probably good at conserve , but it turns out that the problem of choices is affecting us in a momentous decisions .
We decided not to decide , even though this is not appropriate .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to tell you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we see the decisions about savings for retirement about a million Americans , from about 650 plans from this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of money offers available in retirement savings plans , 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that there was actually a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that went from two , up to 59 choices .
We found that the older it was the number of funding that they were , the less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as they would like .
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation went down to 60 .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there 's more choices , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the bigger the choice was , the more people will be engaged by avoiding stocks or investment funds .
As much as we had more choices , they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts .
But none of these very extreme decisions are the ones that we were trying to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three key consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that you make the decision , that we 'll be able to get it to do this in the interest of self-interest .
It 's more likely to take the worst decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick things less satisfying , even though they 're objectively going to leave them better .
The main reason is that we 're looking at that variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we are not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose for that amazing exhibition .
Today I want to propose to you , four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so you can rehearse testing in their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been true than today , that less is more .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually , what we 're seeing increasingly is that if you choose to cut , get rid of weird redundant options , there will be a increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 , <unk> types of Head , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Cat Golden Gate eliminated the products for food that they 're less sold , they increased their profit , for two percent : higher sales and lower costs .
You know that the supermarkets of today , on average , they offer 45,000 products .
In a tent in Walmart , you have about 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world is <unk> , and it provides only 1,400 products ; a kind of tomato sauce can .
In the world of financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that has arisen out of how we manage choices is by David <unk> , the Harvard program .
Now , all the Harvard employees are moving automatically to a insurance fund .
People who want to choose , you have 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know that people often say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the differences that we have between those choices .
And if your employees ca n't tell you , you ca n't do their clients . ''
This afternoon , before we started this session , I was talking with Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people out of this audience on a vacation with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to give a round of applause if you 're ready to take the supply of Gary .
Just anybody who 's ready to accept supply .
Are n't you more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , than in the second one . But I can tell you , they thought the second time was more real .
Because the pictures made it more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of options .
For people to understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of every choice , and that the consequences must feel very vivid , very concrete .
Why are people spending 15 to 30 percent more on average when it uses debit cards or credit cards , that when they use cash ?
Because it does n't look like real money .
It turns out to make it more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , especially <unk> <unk> who worked in <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were thrown into a 401 plan .
That meeting , that we would save exactly how she used , we made a little addition .
What we added was we filed the staff to the staff who think about the positive things that we 're going to think of in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in the affiliations of 20 percent and an increase in the number they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than any choice .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in the <unk> supermarkets , the magazine exhibition can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to distinguish it .
These are two jewelry exhibitions .
One is called `` <unk> , '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you take a breath .
Very few applause . Okay , there are some .
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you take a breath .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the on the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This classification scheme is completely useless .
Cultures must indicate something to you who choose , not what defines it .
You often see this problem with those enormous funds .
Why are they informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think about , if you just make it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German car manufacturer that allows us to completely .
You have to make 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that give each one .
The color of the car . I 'm 56 possibilities .
The engine engine -- four choices .
What I 'm going to do is actually vary the order of making decisions .
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices , four boxes , to 56 colors , lots of options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you .
If you were always going through the default button , it indicates that they 're overwhelmed , or is , we 're losing them .
We found that those who go from many choices to a few , put the default button over and over again , and another .
We lose them .
If you go from a few options to many , they continue there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was alter the order in which information is presented .
If we start with the easy , you learn to choose .
Although we pick the box box does n't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration , in all ways we set up to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged with the process .
To sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of options : <unk> , eliminate strange alternatives ; we 're going to make it real , <unk> , we can handle more categories with less choices ; we 're generating complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've shown you were designed to help drive the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in their business , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful by choosing .
And the longer is in our choices , the better we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist East Germany , if you had a typewriter , it had to be <unk> to the government .
We had to register a piece of text from the machine .
And this for the government to track the origin of texts .
If they found a written with the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't conceive of somebody who could do this , how much this is going to take the freedom of speech .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser color printer , any big manufacturer on any big manufacturer and prints a page , that page will end up having a few yellow dots on each page that are still a pattern that makes them own from one and your printer .
That 's happening to us today .
And nobody looks very much like this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use the technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three main sources of problems in the network .
If we look at what happens in the world online , we can put together the attacks on their attackers .
There are three main groups .
They 're cybercriminals .
Like Mr. graspable for the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
The cybercriminals ' mobile phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , <unk> , that <unk> money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and etc. , etc .
These guys make their toes online , but they do it by illegal means using banking ships to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy on a infected computer .
The secret service of America , two months ago , froze Swiss account of this gentleman , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> millions of dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain goes down ; you know her stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is a victim of a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going for worse .
In the future , most of the crimes are going on online .
The second group of attackers in importance that we 're looking at today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves them , the protests motivate them , they motivate the opinions , motivating laughter .
<unk> like Anonymous have been located in the last 12 months occupying a major role in the attacks online .
Those are the three main attackers with the criminals that make it for money , <unk> them like Anonymous that they do to protest and the last group is the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is an authority from certified from the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
They managed the last fall because of a <unk> .
They put security of the site , and it took a <unk> .
Last week , I said , in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives , I asked one of the leaders if they found out to meet death of people who cause death of people to attack them .
And the answer was yes .
So how do people die from a attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
It was certified .
What do the certificates serve ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services , <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except that we had an <unk> foreign authority .
And that happens to make the certified certificates .
And in the case of <unk> , exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters were based on the headquarters for secret secret police in April 2011 , and during which we had the building of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there was notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for 3,000 euros the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters are right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , he found <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used for official government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today , it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
We even had tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to the discussions online , to get our data .
When we think about things like this obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but I do n't really affect it because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in stake the privacy .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're going to ask today , will be forever .
Are you blindly blind in any future government , in a administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions you have to worry about the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the south of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , at the bottom , and behind cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi does n't have fences on most of the South , which means that wild animals like zebras are freely migrating outside the park .
And predators , like lions , and this is what they do .
We 've got our cattle .
This is one of the ones who killed at night , and so soon we got up in the morning and we found him dead , I felt really bad , because it was the only driver we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and the whole land for <unk> , and that 's why we value them .
So I grew up hate to lions .
They were dying of our community who protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
And I think that 's why there are so few in the National Park in Nairobi .
A child in my community , from six to nine years , is responsible for his father cattle , and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought to lions them fear .
But I realized that this really did n't work , because I even helped lions to see the stable pen .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick lions so they believed that I was near the stable .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they went , but the second day , they went back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . '' So he jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and the lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on and turn the lights off .
And this is a small lamp from a broken flashlight .
Let 's get everything .
As you can see , the solar cell charge the battery and the battery <unk> the electricity to the small box .
And the <unk> box makes the lights off .
As you can see , the <unk> give out , because it 's where lions come from .
And this is how they see it when they come from night .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> lions so you think I 'm walking through the stable stable , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had a problem with lions .
And the homes in the neighborhood , you hear the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , and I wondered if I could put the lights out .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the background , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea also is used now by Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and also being used for comfort elephants from the farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate to get a grant in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise funds .
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them .
So , a year ago , I was just a child in the bee meadows <unk> the cows of my father , and I used to see planes flying , and I was told that someday I would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come in an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to be an engineer and a pilot and a pilot .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yeah .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do a fence for electrical . CA : Is it a fence ?
<unk> : I know you 've invented electric fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : So , I 'm going to spend it once , right ? And you ... <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I got a <unk> . CA : By the time of the cannon . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to take it on every step that pays , friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little girl , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up with a song called `` Not <unk> anything . ''
And I felt very proud of it .
In school , we 'd go all the time studying Kim <unk> 's history , but we never learned much from the rest of the world , except America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
But sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought that my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and I was never hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister .
And he said , `` When I 'm going to get this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the two weeks .
We are <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're ready to die . ''
It was very altered .
I was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country .
Eventually , when I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a kid in his arms watching his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care themselves and their families .
A huge famine ripped straight to North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during the famine , and only few survived the grass , insects and cortex .
They also became more and more prevalent the power cuts , all around me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China , barely crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we did n't .
This is a picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which is <unk> between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow in certain points , allowing North Koreans to continue to change .
But many die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of the North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of the famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought that I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years back to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea how life would be like refugee <unk> .
But soon I learned that it 's not only extremely difficult , but dangerous , because Western refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
A day , my worst nightmare was actually made , when I was arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> me in the police station .
Somebody had accused me for being <unk> , and I was going to get my skills in the Chinese language and so many questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to blow up .
If it did n't look natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and said the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , a officer told another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they left me . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China are seeking asylum in foreign embassies .
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Although they had captured them , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are caught in China and <unk> North Korea , where they 're tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have n't been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
And even after learning a new language and finding work , all of their world can turn it in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided I decided to take a degree to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but within , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of division .
It even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call it with pride .
Although we put in life in Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the university exam .
Right when I was starting to get back to my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities <unk> some money that sent my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location outside .
They had to flee immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China , and I went to the border of North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , in some way , for over 3,000 miles across China , and then through Asia Asia .
The journey on <unk> took a week , and we almost went up several times .
Once , our bus was stopped and approached by a Chinese police officer .
He asked everybody 's identification , and he started asking questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , I took a foot on my foot , and I said they were <unk> people who was accompanying .
And I looked at myself , but fortunately I did .
We did all the way up to the border of Laos .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Laos .
But even after going the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But the time , my family was arrested and supported again in the capital of Laos .
This was one of the lowest spots in my life .
I did everything to liberate my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison to cut away from the South Korean embassy .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or a man 's voice to ask , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would n't mind asking .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I explained to him , and without doubt , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for the other two North Koreans and hold them out of prison .
And I thank you all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do you help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping people <unk> . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown was a new hope for me and for the people to find out when we needed it .
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long trip , my family and I met in South Korea .
But it 's getting their freedom to be only half of the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they go back to a new country , they start with little or no money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , language practices , work practice , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us continue to contact with family still , and we send information and money that 's helping change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North North Koreans , all over the world , including at TED 's stage .
Thank you .
I live in Southern Center .
This is Southern Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South Side so that it represents something else , so they changed them to South Los Angeles , as if this is what it 's actually wrong in the city .
This is South Los Angeles . <unk> of <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Just like <unk> millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles and South Side , home of food places to carry and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that food places to get killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of curable disease in Los Angeles and South Side .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I realized that happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they come out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I see the wheelchairs and sold as a use of cars .
I see dialysis dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And I also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , it was plant a forest of food in front of my house .
In a sliver of the land that we call a gardening .
This is 45 meters .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes to me in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we put together and started plant our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , nine full vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of a paid group in advance of all backgrounds of all backgrounds , all of the city and completely voluntary , and all we do is free .
And the garden , he was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city stood up to me , and I 'm basically given a little bit of <unk> saying that I had to take out my garden , the <unk> made a warrant .
And I said , `` Come on , right ?
A criminal order of planting food in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
L.A. had a story written by Steve <unk> , and he talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> Green <unk> , who put a petition to <unk> , with 900 signatures , we were successful .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that they were <unk> and they loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> land .
It 's <unk> <unk> <unk> .
That 's about 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant billions of tomato plants .
Why do n't you look good about this ?
<unk> a plant will give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , they cultivate your own food .
You get your own food , it 's like printing your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Central .
I grew up there . Let 's get my kids out there .
I became part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I grow my art .
As an artist of graffiti , that <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , like a piece of canvas , and plants and trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the Earth can do , if they leave your canvas .
You simply ca n't imagine how amazing a sunflower is , and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became a tool of education , a transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how they affect the kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one time , which came a mother and his daughter , they were like the Thursday of the night and they were in my garden , I went out and looked at it .
I , well , man , I felt like they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me and hungry , and this is just why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't people go to steal your food ? ''
What I say , `` For God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
That 's the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to make your health care . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this affected them and how they used to plant their mom and his grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So , Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like , 50 people who come , work and participate , all of them on a volunteer plan .
If kids are growing <unk> , the kids will eat <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , you 'll eat tomatoes . But if none of this is taught , if you 're not taught how food affects your mind and your body , they eat blind things you put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing where they 're stuck . I see color kids who are on this path that are designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
With gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are getting rid of their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe the next George Washington will occur .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we 'll never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
Curiosity about sustainability , is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to try to work people , take the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers ' markets .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what is a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
What would you take them to take their agree ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to look at me , you come to the garden with your backhoe in so that we could plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) You 'll probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days like today , where it rains .
You can have a large amount of water on asphalt that comes up .
And especially if you go in your bicycle and these cars go , that 's not very nice .
In addition , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a silent road .
The solution to that is <unk> roads .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores , and water can pass through it , so all of the rain flow up sideways and have a road , which is easy to drive , and not <unk> water .
The noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise they disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo it .
What is it ? You see that in this road , the stones are coming out .
First of a stone , then more and more and more and more and more and more and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But you can hurt your windshield , and you wo n't be happy with that .
And finally , this can also take more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create holes with that .
Oh , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see how damage hits this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , to the ultraviolet light , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , and if it 's <unk> , they 'll be going to go away and get out of <unk> .
So , if you drive on the road , you 'll take the <unk> -- as we saw it here .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
If we can make this material happen , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , from that to clean <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool out on very small chunks , and we can mix these little bits with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like you see here , that you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you need to do is heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> , and the stones were going to get back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big iron machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , I 'm now going to take a look at what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We did a lot of samples there and then the government , you really saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So they donated a piece of road , 400 meters away from the <unk> highway , where we had to do a lane lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples of this road and test them in the lab .
We 've got the samples , we put a lot of burden on them , put them together with our iron machine , and we found them out and come back to try .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers together , using the energy of induction to actually increase the lives of the road , and you can even double our lives on the surface .
And now , of course , they 're curious if it also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it has to cool first before I can show you how repair repair .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 , I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to BBC , in his little gray radius .
He had a big smile on his face that was unusual at those times , because the news is usually going to fix it .
`` The Taliban went ! '' I screamed at my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban stood in Afghanistan and made it illegal than girls were to school .
For the next five years , I would give myself a child to <unk> my older sister , who could no longer be alone , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could both educate them .
Every day , we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide the books in market bags so that it looks like they were shopping .
The school was in a house , over 100 of us stuffed in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
And we knew all of our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Instead , school suddenly closed for a week , because the sticky Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about .
Are they following ?
Did you know where we live ?
We were <unk> , but still the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan , <unk> in that his daughter , my mother , went to school , and so his father would plug it up .
But my Harvard-educated mother became a master .
This is her .
Two years ago , just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family to get education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk in not education .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember that there were moments when I was very frustrated with our life , and I was always afraid , and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we will do it .
So , you still want to go on ? ''
I 'm 22 years old .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of my age have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate in <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , which was <unk> from his home to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He did n't just fall away from my college degree , but also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , I 'm driving it through the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate the women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
What 's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see her parents and their families that , like mine , <unk> for them , despite the fact , even in front of a daunting opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went out of the road since he went back to her village , and literally , he was separated from being killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
When he got to her house , they 're the phone , a voice had given her that if he kept sending her daughter to school , they would try it .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` but not harm the future of my daughter by his old , <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized from Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of us <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees that success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like the part of Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
And Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of the changes .
I 'm afraid these changes were n't a long time after the retirement of the U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at students in my school and their parents who were going to get through them , that the ones , I see a future future and a lasting future .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and endless possibilities , and every day the girls ' girls remember me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> Gaddafi .
But you never go back a <unk> revolutionary . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution inspired by the surge of <unk> <unk> as much of the Tunisian revolution .
A forces with many other citizens <unk> , inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the brink of Gaddafi regime .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the cutting edge , pushing each of the regime , they were carrying billboards of freedom , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a copy of the brutal <unk> of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the <unk> East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and a loss of about 50,000 dead war , we managed to liberate our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy burden , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds and <unk> .
For four decades , the golden regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've loved , next to many other women , rebuild the civil civil society , pushing an inclusive and fair transition towards democracy and reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi . About 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya , and with a single enthusiasm , I began to organize workshops about developing capacities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we founded the West Women 's West , we founded a movement of women , leaders , of very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> range of women and our equal of equal participation in the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period , and an environment that was getting more and more <unk> , which will rise from selfish policies of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in 52 years .
However , slowly , the euphoria of elections and revolution as a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found news from violence .
One day , we wake up with the news of <unk> ancient mosques and Sufi <unk> .
Now , another day with the murder of the American ambassador and the <unk> attack .
One day we wake up with the news of the official killing of the military .
And every day , every day , every day , we wake up with the government of the militias and their human rights violations of prisoners and their lack of respect of law .
Our society , made out of a revolutionary mindset , become more , and it 's away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
intolerance , exclusion , and revenge became the icons of the consequences of revolution .
I 'm not here at all today to inspire you with our story of the success of the `` <unk> list '' and elections .
Rather , I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , we chose the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize .
Because elections were n't brought to peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidate brought peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why do our society still is polarized and dominated with selfish policy of domination and exclusion , both for men and women ?
Perhaps what missing was not only women , but the female values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus what the election needed , that just simply pushes polarization and divide .
Our nation needs the qualitative depiction of the feminine most to need the numerical representation and quantitative .
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and calling days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , not just <unk> , but also put the mercy of mercy in place of revenge , the collaboration instead of competition , and inclusion , rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that an Libya , shattered by war , desperately desperately to reach peace .
Because peace has a alchemy which is about interconnection and <unk> between female perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the true <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a <unk> way .
According to the <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- peace -- `` is the word of gracious God , [ <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known for all of the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic than the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus , <unk> the feminine and motherly , which spans the whole humanity of men and women , that all tribes and all of the villages have gone .
And so , as the uterus covers the embryo , it grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is all existence .
This is what it says to us , `` My mercy involves all things . ''
This is what it says to us , `` My mercy is <unk> about my anger . ''
That all of us would be denied the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the one that everybody is always doing : Why is she left ?
Why was somebody going to stay with a man who sticks him ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , not a social worker , or an expert on domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York by my first job as a writer and a writer and editor at <unk> .
I had my first apartment , my first <unk> American Express , and he had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who I believed my twin soul , kept my head with a gun , <unk> with <unk> bullets .
The man , when I loved anybody in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love , where every year millions of women fall down , and even some men .
It could even be your story .
I do n't look like a typical domestic violence survivor .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at Harvard Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for companies `` 500 Fortune , '' among them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been about 20 years married with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I drive a <unk> <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , all races , all race , all income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate , interdependent relationships , or , in the other way , in families , the last place where we would want to or expect to find violence , which is why domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was sitting with a man who sticks it , and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , the women in between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the ones of the ages , and over 500 women and girls at that age are killed every year by couples , boyfriends and husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence , your warning signs or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and rainy night night .
I was sitting next to my side in New York City , and he started <unk> with me .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he had just been <unk> from a college university , and I was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me in that first first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and that seemed like a country guy .
He had some big <unk> like apples , and a wheat hair hair , and it seemed so sweet .
And one of the smartest things he did was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it all over the beginning of a pedestal .
We started getting out and loved everything about me : I was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , who had a passion for helping teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as nobody had done it .
And it was why he sits in that <unk> school and work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much so important to him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams , but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner , so I went accepted , left my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling into a `` crazy love , '' which was moving into head in a physical , financial trap and psychological psychological trap .
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And here 's where those guns come in .
As soon as we move to New England , you know , that site where you 're supposed to feel so secure was bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another he kept lying under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said I needed those guns to cause the trauma that lived from small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns in reality were a message for me and , although I had never lifted my hand , my life was already seriously danger , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack happened five days before our wedding .
They were seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises on my neck had disappeared , I put my girlfriend 's girlfriend suit and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were living happily forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me .
And I was very , very quietly .
It just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding , and for the fact of making a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I never would hurt it .
I spent two times more in our <unk> .
The first time I was driving down to a secret beach and lost me , and he gave me so strong in the head that I 'm going to spend several times against the car window .
And then , a couple days later , driving back from our moon of honey , and I got a Big Mac on the face .
<unk> followed by <unk> one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of marriage .
I thought I was thinking it was the only one in this situation .
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Going back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , and in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world that I could help safely deal with their demons .
The other question that everybody does is : Why do n't you just move ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone anywhere .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that you normally ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is kill her .
More than 70 percent of domestic violence occur after the victim has finally done the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include permanent harassment , even after the speaker has come back to marry , financial resources and the family justice system manipulation to the victim and their children , who are usually required for judges to spend time did n't take time with the man who would support their mother .
And yet we continue to ask why do n't you just go ?
I was able to go , because of a last <unk> beating my denial .
I realized that the man who loved me so much , would have killed me if there were allowed .
So I broke the silence .
I told everybody : the police , to my neighbors , my friends and family , full unknown , and I 'm here today because everyone helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way of saying , `` guilt is yours for staying , '' as if the victims were involved in love with men who want to destroy them .
But since I published , `` Dear love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a lesson from what happened to them , and that <unk> their lives joyful and happy , like their lives , wives and mothers , lives completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor .
I came back to marry a cute man , and we have these three children .
I have that <unk> black and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to do is ever more , ever , it 's a gun that 's being able to get my head to my hands on someone who says I want .
At this point , they 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what dumb it was , but all this time I 've actually been talking about .
I assure you , there 's a few people who are listening to me right now , that they 're being abused or they were small or they were <unk> themselves .
The abuse might be affecting their daughter , his sister , to his best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking the silence .
And I keep doing this today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
Violence flourishes only in silence .
They have the power of domestic violence simply throwing light on it .
The victims need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of the light , talking about it with their kids , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They 're looking at their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future .
And we would take the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims of the safe output .
Together we can convert our beds , our tables and our families in the conscious and peaceful oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hello . I call myself Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now , there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dress that way , hopefully , I brought clothes to change .
This is the first shift on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky to <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come up , they do n't have to go away , but I 'll find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what I think in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; I do n't have to use them anymore .
The worst part is to pass this sweater by the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so you do n't do anything as you cover my head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this photo .
The appearance is powerful , but as well as well .
I 've changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer said to me that you would turn my back and put the hair 's hair .
Of course , with surgery , or an artificial tan , like the one that I did two days ago for work , there are very little to make it transform our way , which , although shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a beautiful , white woman , and in my workforce , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but in sincere ways .
The first question is , how do you get a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the possibility of an inheritance , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last centuries , we have not just defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we 're biologically programmed to admire , also we 've teamed up with a high and <unk> shape and <unk> and a white skin .
And that 's my inheritance , heritage that I 've known leverage to make money .
And I know there are people in the audience who are now skeptical , and maybe there 's some <unk> lovers saying -- wait . There they are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wn .
First of all , we 're going to argue that so much models . It 's amazing .
But sadly , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at the University of New York , I said all and every single models on the runway , and the <unk> models hired , just 27 , is to say , less than four percent , they were n't white .
The next question that people always do is , can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I do n't care .
But then what I would really tell you about every one of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> surgeon , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , you still do n't , no , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , I 'm saying , `` Yeah , my boss . ''
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the New American magazine magazine journal or the CEO of H & M , or next Steven <unk> .
To say that more you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a work that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike <unk> surgery , it can be summed up right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 're running your studies , and you have a rsum and a couple of jobs and your back to your back , no matter what you say , I mean , if you said , you know , if you said you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say to you , free underwear for 10 years , people
The next question that people always ask me is if all the pictures were going to be taken .
And yes , it 's pretty much fun all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal terrain , but it was a girl .
So I looked at my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I 'm in a pajama party a few days before the photos for the French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and I saw the V .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They 're creations from a group of professionals , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all their <unk> and <unk> people , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always ask me is , do free things free ?
I have too many eight inches tall , and I never use , except for the previous couple , but the privilege I get is the ones I get in real life , and we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver ; it jumped in red and , of course , stood up and took a sorry , agent to be able to continue .
I love these privilege that it looks like , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for how no matter who they are .
I live in New York , and last year , of the <unk> teenagers who were left and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black and Latino young men in New York , so for them , it 's not a question of <unk> me ?
But how many of the time I 'm going to get away ?
When I search for this talk , I found out that at 53 percent of 13 years in the United States do n't like their body , and that figure goes up to 78 percent to the 17 .
So the last question that people ask me is : How is life life life ?
And I think the answer that you expect is : If you 're a little thinner , and you have the brightest hair , you 'll feel very happy and beautiful .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like it .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible power to work with creative and passionate and passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just one part of what happens , because what we 're never saying in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about myself every day .
And if you ever ask yourself , do you have a little thinner and my brighter hair , will be happier ?
They just have to come together with a group of models , because they have the smartest legs , the brightest hair and the laundry , but probably be the physically <unk> women on the planet .
But mostly it was difficult to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I 'm one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to retain out of this talk , I hope that everybody gets more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have about success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was much older enough to support a camera , but I want to share with you my 15 most cherished pictures , and I did n't know who he pulled them .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no chance to repeat the photos , not even a minimum in lighting .
In fact , most of them took them random tourists .
My story starts when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife gave me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes from now .
When my daughter was approaching my daughter 's third birthday , my wife said , `` Why do n't you take me to New York on a <unk> journey , and you continue to be ? ''
So here 's when we started to ask the tourists <unk> that they were going to get around us .
It 's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has ever been denied and , fortunately , never one has ever dealt with the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much life this journey would change .
It became sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what I had happened that day as a five-year-old girl could understand it .
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop time in a week of October and we think about our time and our evolution over the years , not only at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , even though we get the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter gets new milestones , and I can see life through your eyes and how you perceive it and interact with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something we hope with illusion all the year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking , when suddenly , they stopped in the dry and signal a red <unk> of the tent that I loved from small visits before .
And he described to me what felt at the age of five in that same place .
<unk> that reminded of his heart of <unk> with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what I look at in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create are memories .
So I want to share the idea of being active in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know you , but apart from these 15 photos , I do n't go out in many of the familiar pictures .
I 'm always the one that takes out the photo .
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the photo , and you do n't want to go and ask somebody and ask them , `` Do you get a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The vultures are in the most threatened group .
First of all , why do they have so bad news ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter as a <unk> , dumb characters , stupid stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , it laughter and laughter and applause , these are the attributes that associated with the Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep the environment , <unk> are not helping prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly anymore . They 're far from extinct , and my favorite , the vultures have better presence . There are two types of vultures on this planet .
There 's the vultures of the New World who are mostly located in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the Old World Man , where we have 16 species . Of these 16 , 11 , they face a high risk of extinction .
So , why are vultures that are important ? First , they provide vital ecological services .
They 're our natural garbage address .
We 've got the dead bodies to the bone .
They help kill all the bacteria . They help to absorb the anthrax , that it would not spread and causing large losses to livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there 's no vultures , the dead people take three to four times more time in <unk> , and this has huge branches in the spread of disease .
They also have enormous importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and maternity and , along with the cobra , <unk> the unit between the end and the Under Egypt .
In the Hindu mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of 10 heads <unk> .
In <unk> culture , they 're doing very important burials to open sky . In places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these vultures provide a natural elimination system .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species of vultures in Kenya , which six are on the brink of extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason you 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife ; communities are using this poison against predators , and as a consequence , the vultures are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of vultures are on the critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , it 's <unk> , and the reason is because they fall prey to livestock , which has been treated with a drug that 's been treated like <unk> .
This drug has been banned by veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no vultures , there 's been a spread on the number of dogs on the crowded room , and when you have the street dogs , you have a huge time bomb for anger , the number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> will be above Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half .
They 're <unk> .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible commerce of 1,000 dead to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's being done ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We are <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel for different countries , so to focus on a problem locally , it 's not going to serve anything .
We have to work with governments in regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the vultures , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide .
How can they help ? It can become active , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures . They 're going to spend their time to spread the word . Let 's take the word .
When you get out of this room , they 're reporting about vultures , but talk to their families , with their kids , with their neighbors .
They 're very elegant . This Charles Darwin said he changed his opinion , because he saw her flying without effort , without any energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do professionally -- my life -- it 's been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 . <unk> young , but I 'm no longer . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was disturbed .
I thought , on the 21st , that Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead of that , everything we played with it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of <unk> , '' was a project where I just decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So we came up with Italian seeds to the south Valley of Zambia in this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach local tomatoes Italians and <unk> , and ...
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they were telling them to come to work , and sometimes they did n't come to work , and sometimes they were amazed that the locals , in so fertile valley , had n't had agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible that we did n't hear anything , we simply said , `` Thank God we are here . '' `` Just to save the people in Zambia 's famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was grown beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were saying to the <unk> , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were beautiful , mature and red , at night to the morning , about 200 <unk> came out of the river and ate everything , and we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say it ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought we only had the Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what Americans did , what the Americans were doing , what the French would , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed the <unk> .
It 's going to be able to see the waste -- let 's see the waste that we 're going to give to people in Africa .
You want to read a book , `` Dead Stop '' from <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've given the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused .
They just read your book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
We Westerners , we are imperialists , and we treat the people only in two ways , or we 're sponsoring them , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any of a different culture as if you were my kids . `` I want you very much . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if it was my servants .
So the white in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' chief .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor , and he said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that is n't <unk> ? ''
I decided to only tell the people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> , where you never start anything , you 're never going to give anybody , but it becomes a servant of local passion , the servant of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So , what does you do ? It 's <unk> .
You never get to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give somebody an idea to somebody .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do you ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is most important .
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is most important .
And then , we help them find knowledge , because no one in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we hear them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
<unk> never over , and they 'll never be told , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity have been identified .
So planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know , because they do n't access their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one , and we work face-to-face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family 's family physician , the family family doctor , who puts up with you at home , at the table of your kitchen , in coffee , and that helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this patronizing junk that we 've got to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ? ''
How can it do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
I fell off and I listened to them . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We have helped start 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest corporate advisors in history , passed away at 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before they get involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> said : `` The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company of engineering . ''
Aid is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit .
So now we 're going to explore reconstructing reconstructing without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come and talk to you .
You have to offer them , privacy , it has to be fantastic when you help them , and then <unk> , will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What is you going to talk about this morning ?
People who are passionate . That 's what you have .
So , what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution <unk> fossils , manufacturing -- and at a moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of sustain machines is not sustainable .
What we have to think about , is how we are <unk> , heal , we educate , we are educating seven billion people in a sustainable form .
There are no technologies to do it .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? The universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that 's in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year industries .
And in the year Creek , he gathered together this group of people , and I would argue about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out , if the population is kept growing at this rate , to move to the population of New York to the surrounding , we 'd run six million horses , and the dung produced by six million horses would be impossible to tackle .
They were already <unk> in dung . And so , in fact , they were <unk> this dirty technology that we 're going to get to the life of New York .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , the United States companies showed up <unk> companies , <unk> .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer them .
Otherwise , they 're not going to talk to you .
Then you have to offer them absolute , dedicated , <unk> service .
And then , then , you 'll have to tell you the truth about it to assume .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product that you want to sell is to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to have a wonderful financial administration .
You know what ?
We have never met a human being in the world that can do , sell and search for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've looked and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all new , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have common , just one : None of them went started by one person .
Never the word `` me '' but the word `` us '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when it started .
Nobody starts a company . No one .
So we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee houses , in bars alongside their dedicated comrades who will do for you , what someone did by this gentleman who talks about this epic , somebody who 's going to ask you , what needs ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
Okay , can you sell it ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh no , I ca n't do that . ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
People around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange much knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
Over the last few years I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> and templates and chalk .
These projects came out of questions like : how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad time ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and better understand our landscape ?
How do we share more our hopes in the empty shops so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> that give shadow of lovers and <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
That always gives rise to music . There 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the most of abandoned properties of the United States .
I live close to this house and I thought I could turn it into a kind of nice space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this gave me a profound gratefulness for the time lived .
It gave clarity to the significant things of my life today .
But let me keep this look at my everyday life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be catching up a day and forget the really important thing for one .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard , and he painted about it sentences to complete : `` Before I die , I want ... ''
So the passerby could take a piece of chalk , reflect on their lives and sharing personal aspirations in the public space .
I did n't know what to expect from this experiment , but the next day , the wall was filled with and still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be <unk> trial , '' `` Before I die I want to sit on the line of date . ''
Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before I die , I want to plant a tree .
Before I die , I want to live outside the network .
Before I die , I want to get again again .
Before I die , I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams , and hope for people to laugh laughter , and I was scared , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's trying to know that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new and <unk> ways . It 's about supporting reflection and contemplation , and remember what 's most important for us as we grow up and we change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in his community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we did a kit , and now they 've done walls in countries around the world , as Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we proved the power of our public spaces , if you give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are the time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , to find the ways to conserve the perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something we often avoid talking , or even thinking , but I understood that for death is one of those things that we become more empowered .
You think of death we 're going to get our lives .
Our shared spaces can reflect better than we care as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hopes , fears and stories , the people around us can not only help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 and very handsome .
He does n't talk , but it 's transmitting better than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
Memory shares what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't care about religious differences and notice this : Never lied .
When I 'm singing songs of our childhood , trying to say the words that I could n't even remember , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 years old . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but it reminds me of the year where every one of my iPod 's songs came out , conversations that we kept when I was four , <unk> in my arm during the first episode of <unk> and Lady Gaga Gaga .
Does n't it look amazing ?
But most people do n't agree .
And , in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of the normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what I propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even though I would n't consider them within the ordinary , that would only mean one thing : they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term autism , it 's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , from there that we 're going to make it so different from Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , being diagnosed with a new case of autism , and though it is one of the disorders of development that fastest up in the world , there 's no cause or known .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self to be in my life .
When I was spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
It 's a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
She lived in his own world , with his own rules , and I would find pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in line around the room , look at the washing machine and eat anything that I had in between .
As I was growing up , it became more different , and the differences became more evident .
But beyond <unk> , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , was something really unique : an pure , innocent nature , a child who sees the world without prejudice , a human being that I had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some difficult moments in my family , moments where I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that would n't want to change for normal .
The normal happens by the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that some is wrong .
It just means that there 's a different vision of what 's right .
If I could reach one thing up to <unk> and Sam and you , you do n't have to be normal .
You can be extraordinary .
Because autistic , the differences that we have -- they 're a gift ! Every one of us has a gift in their inner and honestly , the pursuit of normality is the ultimate sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies at the time that we 're trying to be like the others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit about what must have been Alice in the Country of the Wonders .
Penn State has asked me , a communications teacher , to give a kind of communication to engineering students .
He was scared . It was real . <unk> out of these students with their great minds , their big books and their great words and unknown words .
But in developing those conversations , I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
I just sat down when I had those conversations with students . I was surprised the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening up that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , among others , and if we do n't even understand this , the work is n't done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers do n't invite us to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and its engineering is attractive .
First question to ask me , `` So what ? ''
It 's why science is relevant to us .
We do n't just tell you that they study them , but they study <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing your science , care about jargon .
The jargon is a obstacle to our understanding of your ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary , '' but why not say `` space and time '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same as stupid .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can also communicate their science without engaging the ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies . They 're ways to hook it up with their content .
And when I present his work , forget about the <unk> signs .
They 've been asked why they 're called `` bullets '' ? What do the bullets do ? Love kills , and will be killed their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's also supporting it too much in the language of our brain and engulfs .
Instead , this <unk> of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that really inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible phrase , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then you provide graphics that we will engage with our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it 's described .
I think that these are just some key ones that can help others to open the door and see the country of the wonders that is science and engineering .
And so , scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from the entire OED of English is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest politician . ''
Although there was a journalism editor in the 19th century , that defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that you 're looking for a public charge without a game , platform or principle , and that , when he wins , it gets to the mere use of a monumental <unk> monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote newspapers , quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the rare name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
They put in the London Tower Tower , and he was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to deal with them , and finally , he had a popular support in London that I won .
And just a few years later , we had the first use of the phrase `` That 's how we call it <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's because of a freedom advocate .
But to really show you how words and politics interact , I want you to return to America , just after independence .
So they had to address the question of how we call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was discussed in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that they might have <unk> .
Some of them wanted to call him `` Chief of State State '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and other `` <unk> from the American People 's <unk> . ''
Not very appealing .
Some of them simply wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was testing quality .
And it was n't even <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King for a given deadline .
And it could have served .
Everybody got immensely , because this debate was going on for three weeks .
I read a poor Senator Senator , and I was always writing , `` Still with this issue . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call it King by whether he gave him or his designated ideas .
So they wanted to give him the most modest , more insignificant , most unfortunate title of them .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title , but it only meant `` somebody who would get a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
There was <unk> presidents of little colonial <unk> and fractions of government , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate was posed .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treated and meet <unk> . ''
`` And who will take it seriously ridiculous and insignificant as the President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't supply .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been made by the title of President .
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there , waiting for the Senate to action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says , as a government says , it 's possible that we 're going to keep waiting for more years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the President of America does n't sound as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , the biggest economy in the world and a fleet of unmanned aerial vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story has destroyed the title of <unk> .
So the end won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern in the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a singularity later .
But , you know how many nations have now president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads and so on .
So , in the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them they 're now President of America .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
Now politicians try and use words to shape and use words to shape and control reality , but actually actually changes a lot more words than what these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to low land in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , that cacophony of <unk> male <unk> and stones with primitive tools .
Like the others , I carry a cheap <unk> of light attached to the head with this <unk> elastic , and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole in a meter that drops hundreds of meters on the ground .
So my hand was attached to my hand , and I suddenly remember a miner I met days before , who lost control and fell 100,000 feet into that well .
As I talk to you today , these men are deep at the depths of that hole in their lives without paying or reward , and often dying .
I walked out of that hole and went home , but they probably never do it , because they 're prey .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> in the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people that I met there , I met an integral part of <unk> the <unk> , and an NGO that 's been engaged in modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and , really , I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world , but not to such a degree .
When we finished talking , I felt really bad , I was honestly to ignore this atrocity of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He got me a knot in the stomach , and weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So it started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some , even the considered my second home .
But this time , we 've got the dirty goods .
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the amount of displaced Africans throughout the whole of the <unk> slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a farmer farmer was about three times the annual salary of an American worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
But today , you can enslave whole families by generations for debt debt debt .
Amazingly , slavery generates over $ 13 billion a year all over the world .
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work to find out that they 're forced to work without paying , under threat of violence and ca n't escape .
Today slavery operates in trade : the goods produced by slaves have value , but those are disposable them .
slavery exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal for all the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the bricks of bricks .
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt , or Dante 's hell .
<unk> in an 54 C temperature , men , women , children , in fact , whole families wrapped up on a heavy overcoat of <unk> mechanically bricks in their heads , until 18 at the time , and they take the hot furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of meters .
He goes through the monotony and the tiredness works in silence , doing this task over and over again for 16 17 hours a day .
There was no breaks to eat , and it was n't to drink , and <unk> <unk> would make it quite inconsequential .
And so <unk> were the heat and the powder that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to go through and , sitting there , I thought , `` My camera is getting a much better treatment than these people .
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me very clearly that to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me but for them .
I could n't offer any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not the citizenship of that country .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> ' and work within the system for his release and he trusted it .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my broken heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids hauling rocks for a mile on mountain land to trucks that were waiting down .
Those big things were more heavy than the kids who charge them and the kids hold their heads off their heads with homemade <unk> , strings and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something that insidious , but so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- -- and they work 16 hours a day without any <unk> because this has been this whole life .
They do n't have anything to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burnt fire .
When we heard the word slavery often , we think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I 'd become women who had been previously sex in sex .
I was driven by a few ladders stairs that gave this dirty basement , faint light light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was a restaurant .
<unk> , as it 's known in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private , where in the <unk> slaves with their little girls and children , some of them only seven years old are forced to entertain the clients and to buy more food and alcohol .
Every day is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse for their clients .
From the twilight , I remember making sense of an oily <unk> fear , and in that moment , I barely could imagine what it should be stuck in that hell .
I just had one exit : the stairs I walked in .
There was no back doors .
There were no big enough to climb .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and , because we touch a topic that is so difficult , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , is happening around us .
There are hundreds of people on agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that among 100,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles are another activity that often relate to the slave labor hand .
I went to Indian villages where there were whole families embedded in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
Black black hands are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of his children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels , and you drop the silk on the liquid to the <unk> , but the stain is toxic .
My performer told me their stories .
`` We do n't have freedom . '' They said .
We still hope , however , being able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay for our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 kids enslaved in the lake , the largest <unk> lake in the world .
When we got there , I went to look at a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen on a boat , two older brothers , some younger kids , makes sense of not ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Children are separated from their own family families , missing and forced to work <unk> on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This child is eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , I was shivering , which was that his little canoe would be broken .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling water .
The branches of the trees are submerged in the lake , often catch networks and kids , <unk> and fear , are thrown into the water to unleash the branches .
Many are drown .
Since remember , it 's always been forced to work in the lake .
For fear of his love is not going to run away , and as a whole life has been treated with cruelty , they <unk> the youngest slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five in the morning , when they were looking at the last five o'clock , but they 'd been working on .
It 's on the cold and windy night .
And it fits that these networks weigh over 400 kilos when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued by a village of fishermen .
I met him in a shelter in which we had <unk> <unk> victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes how possible .
Who will be because somebody decided to make the difference in your life ?
He went through a road in Ghana with partners of <unk> the <unk> , and a fellow <unk> with his two-wheeler suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and played the window .
He asked us to do it by a path of land to the forest .
At the end of the way , we were getting out of the car , and he asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then he pointed to this pathway just visible and said , `` This is the path , this is the path . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we take the <unk> out of the road , and after walking around an hour , what we found is that the road was replaced by the recent rains , so I put the photos of photos on my head as he went into these waters to the chest .
After two hours of walk , the <unk> went out abruptly eventually , and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all full of <unk> workers .
Many women had children tied to their backs , and as they were looking for gold , they walked in <unk> waters with mercury .
The mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were in their own sweat .
I remember looking at her eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
The wells have to be 90 meters , and these people do carry heavy stone bags , which then will be transported back to another area where we would get the stone to get the gold out .
You know , the site seems to be filled with strong men and <unk> , but if you look closer , on the edge , we see the other less fortunate , and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that it 's going to end up like this bully out of T.B . and palm poisoning in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his uncle died he took him to work with him in mines .
When his uncle will die , I was able to inherit the debt of the uncle who force it to be a slave in the mines .
When I met him , I was working on 14 years , and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so serious that doctors would say it should be .
In addition to that , <unk> has T.B . , and yet that 's forced to work on night and day in that mine .
Yet , he 's dream to be liberated and educated with the help of local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and this kind of determination , to face a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot .
I want to shine light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world .
I wanted you to know that we will give witness to them and we will make everything possible to help change their lives .
I really think that if we can see each other as human beings , then it 's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . These are people , real people , like you and like me , that deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that happens that I do n't think about these so many beautiful people , said , I 've had the great honor of knowing .
Now , I hope that these images are showing a force where you see them , in people like you , and I hope that that force turns out a fire and that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math applied , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does , we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
That 's why I 'm going to try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were <unk> the <unk> and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later .
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training , a high level of skill and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , as it does with my friend <unk> <unk> that , in his time , was a virtuoso of ballet dancing .
In the last few years , a lot of progress has been done .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable <unk> , tremor , and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way and ultimately the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective measure , and we have an objective metric .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of motion there are no biological markers , so that 's why they do n't use the blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological test for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic doing it . It 's very , very costly , and that means that outside of the clinical trials , they never do . It 's never done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could do the exam ?
It would n't take personal staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to propose to you as a kind of unconventional way to try , you see , in a certain sense , all of us are virtuous as my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as you 're going to speak . We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed . The <unk> , for example .
And as the ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about time he takes a child to learn to speak .
From the sound , we can track the position of the vocal chords , as they vibrate , and so like Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the chart you can see an example of irregular <unk> of vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
shake shake , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials ? Well , they are both <unk> .
The neurologic test is not non-invasive . Both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
And both of them are skillful . Well , but on voice tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds like a lot .
They 're very low cost and we all know what happens .
When something takes a cost so low : it comes on massive scale .
These are some amazing things to address .
We can reduce our patients ' difficulties .
You do n't need to go to the clinic to the <unk> .
With high frequency , we could get targets .
We could do massive <unk> recruiting for clinical trials , and for the first time , you 're doable with doable on scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first responders of the disease before it 's too late .
So by giving today the first steps in that , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Together with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals .
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Anyone with Parkinson 's or without Parkinson 's , can call low price and leave recordings for a pennies , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , say 10,000 people , can say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
So what are you going to get from these samples ?
Max <unk> : Yeah , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to tell whether or not you have the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . You may not get it .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of data in different circumstances , and doing it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking for <unk> the key factors in search for the real markers of the disease .
TR : You have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I have to <unk> it , has done a fantastic job , and now it has shown that it works on mobile phone web phone , as well as the project -- now we have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max <unk> , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March 2011 , I made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures , gray .
We sit in the darkness , in without windows and , usually we avoid sunlight .
We make the lean models even thinner , the perfect perfect skin we do the impossible , we can , and it turns to us in the press all the time , but some of us are really talented artists with many years of experience and a real taste of images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my home , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
A long time later , an organization where he was voluntary , where <unk> <unk> , was in the workplace as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers knew that we could n't stay at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
The 13th of May I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small fishermen <unk> in the <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The level of water recorded over 24 feet tall , and over three miles in the ground .
As you can imagine , the people was devastated .
We take the rubble of the channels and the ditches .
We took schools . We took the slime out and leave it ready to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , sweat in the local factory .
We were <unk> and they loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like neighbors found things like this .
They found pictures and <unk> photos and cards and cards and cards .
Everybody did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places of the villages around it .
It was n't until I realized that those photos were represented by a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
As they were fleeing , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a medevac center .
It helped clean the entire communal bathrooms , huge <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the medevac center pick up the photos .
And I had the honor of that day , and I had the honor of that day , to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , and I had heard about expression to think beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I went beyond myself , which something happened .
By looking at the photos , I found some that they had more than a hundred years , so some of them were still in the lab of the lab , I could n't avoid thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> , and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I got on Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning , the answer was so overwhelming and positive , which I knew we had to try .
So we started playing the pictures .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too rid of it , but where the water had caught up the face of the girl , and I had to get up with very accurately and it 's gone .
Otherwise , that little girl , that little girl would n't look like her , and that would be as tragic as I had the picture .
Over the time for time , they arrived at some more photos , and they took more <unk> , so it was that I walked into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people trying to join .
In Japan , in July , we embarked on <unk> , a neighboring people north of <unk> .
Once a week we used our scanner in the libraries and temporary photographic libraries that had installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that you would take it in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of photos .
It could take an hour . It could take weeks .
It could take months .
This <unk> had to draw by hand using as a guide to the areas that color and detail had not destroyed .
I took a lot of time .
The water destroyed all of these pictures submerged in saltwater , covered with bacteria , with algae , even oil , all of that , and all of that time with the time I continue , and I continue to <unk> , and that was a major part of the project .
We could n't tweak the photo unless it was cleaner , dry and had been dumped by his owner .
We were lucky enough to hand .
We have the guidance of a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to harm even more of the pictures already .
As a time once said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures was kind of lucky to photos .
He had begun to <unk> her himself , but he stopped realizing that it was even more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and their own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to scan the images in one photo and play the whole picture .
When I picked up their pictures shared some of his story with us .
A fellow colleagues from her husband found the pictures in a fire station between the bottom pretty far from where she used to be his house , but his colleagues recognized it .
The tsunami of the tsunami was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water as the Sirens <unk> .
Their young kids , not so small now , but their two children were in school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
He took a week to find all his family and knowing that everyone had survived .
The day I gave her his pictures his youngest son , my youngest son .
For her , despite all of this , those photos were the best gift I could do , something that he could come back to look at , something that he could remember from the past that would n't have been marked at that March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined them together , they had hundreds of them helped us to clean up more than 300,000 photographs the vast majority -- the vast majority went back to their own owners .
More than 500 volunteers all over the world helped us bring back to 90 families , fully <unk> and <unk> .
Over this time , we do n't really spend more than $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most of them in ink for printers .
We just took pictures .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , somebody loved .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing that we would get to look for .
This was about the project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to give someone their connection to the past .
When a picture of how you get somebody , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a huge difference in the life of the <unk> .
Some of them attached to something bigger , to give back something bigger , using their talent to something that are not a perfect skin models .
I 'd like to read this email . He sent him Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months .
While I was <unk> , I could n't avoid thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a photo with women of different ages from the grandmother to the little girl , gathering around a baby , was moved , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , and my newborn daughter , hangs out of our wall .
In the whole world , all of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us awe and curiosity with this photo of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a millionth of a millionth .
But now , 50 years later , we can go one million times faster and see the world not about a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new type of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique so fast that it can create videos in a slow motion of light .
And with that , we can create cameras that can see after the corner , beyond the line of vision , or see the inside of the body without the X-ray , and really challenge the camera idea .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it up and put it in a <unk> <unk> , it 's in various <unk> , create a package of photons from just a millimeter in width .
And that photons package , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and you can see it in this bottle , how do you disperse those photons into this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that this whole thing happens in less than a <unk> is what takes to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola does n't address this research . These are a lot of things in this movie ; we 're going to give this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet goes into the bottle with a packet of photons that starts to <unk> , and that , inside , it starts <unk> .
Part of the light gets away , go to the table , and we started to see these little ripples .
Many of the photons eventually come to the cover and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's an air bubble on the inside .
In that time , the waves travel along the table and because of the reflections of the top , you see at the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that the insights are concentrated .
Now , if we take a common and current bullet and we make it run the same distance , and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times , how much they think that would lead us to see that film ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a <unk> bullet .
And what about <unk> nature ?
You can see the waves that would get away from the table , the tomato and the wall of the background .
It 's like to drop a stone on a pond .
It 's the way that nature paints a picture , I thought , of one <unk> at a time , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as light takes over the tomato , it 's still bright . It 's not <unk> .
Why ? Because tomato is ripe , and the light bounces it out inside , and it goes back from a number of <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phone , you 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check whether the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a photo at the <unk> , it comes into a very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I 'll just get some light out .
We sent that bullet , that packet of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and again with very cleverly , we took these gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of these raw data and <unk> it in an interesting way .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future will allow him to see after the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw something out of light on the door , and you 're going to go into the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
And we could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall , there 's a dummy , and you shine the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera , but interestingly , in slightly different moments .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , has unique capacities .
It 's got very good resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances up to the door and also the hidden objects , but we do n't know what about the point that corresponds to what distance .
By projecting a laser , you can record a <unk> photo , which , you see on the screen , it really does n't make sense .
But we will take a lot of images , and we will take a lot of images , and we 're going to take a lot of images of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that will avoid collisions with what 's going to turn around the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows .
Or we could build <unk> capable of seeing the inside of the body , through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually a request for scientists to begin to think about <unk> as a new visualization mode to solve the problems of imaging in the next generation .
So , like Doc <unk> , he himself was a scientist , it became art in art , an art of <unk> photographs .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected are not just for scientific views .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , time between each of those waves , it 's just about <unk> .
But here 's something fun .
If you look at the waves under the cover , they 're going to go away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strangers . Einstein would have loved this image .
The order of the events happen in the world sometimes appears to the camera .
We 're going to take the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone can make a crime for humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , we would plug it to <unk> and become famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that time , this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered together to get a change , you had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Now , who 's a phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your cell phones .
<unk> . An Android Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone has a mobile phone .
But today , I 'm going to talk about me , my mobile phone , and how life changed .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 orders of information .
Data is .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U .
The <unk> of data .
This directive says that every European phone company , every Internet provider of all over Europe , has to store a wide range of information from users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use the mobile phone , where we are .
This whole information is stored for at least six months , and to two years old , in his phone company or their Internet provider .
And across Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retention .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone and the Internet providers , and the Internet providers is all about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everyone said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of them said that this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of Eastern Germany .
And I also wondered if this really works .
Can all this information store about us ?
Every time I use your phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who was at that time was the largest phone company in Germany , which would please tell me all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete response . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , I want to have this information , because you are <unk> my life .
And so I decided I would have a lawsuit I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we 're not going to give you this information .
At the end of the <unk> , a agreement .
They 'd run the demand and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for German law enforcement German .
So I got this ugly about brown with a CD inside .
And the CD was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> <unk> .
I first saw them , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while , I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this archive .
It was a bit skeptical : What should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I walk at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , next to <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can get closer and go away , go back and go forward .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see what I 'm going to look at about <unk> to the Cologne train , and what often I call on the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little scary .
But it 's not just me .
It 's all of us .
First , there 's things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we 're talking a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they call it between them .
And then you call the other , and the other one , and we end up with this big communications network .
You can see how your people communicate with each other to what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see this all .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who speaks to who , who 's talking to who , who is all possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
And he would have known who I was involved in this protest , and if I had known who the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The Berlin Wall has never happened .
And , as a result , it 's also not the fall of the retail .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store as much information as possible in and outside the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When they go home , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value , and it 's not fashionable past .
When you go home , tell your representative that only because companies and city agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what do they store from you .
So in the future , every time you use their mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor brought me to the world .
I encourage mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor to me in the process .
As a result , I 've got cerebral palsy , so I would argue all the time .
Look at it .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad .
Needless .
It 's not <unk> or it can contract .
Nobody <unk> the uterus of my mother and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , although they 're .
It 's just about accidents , like the one that happened to be born .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not inspiration .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , they wish to be disabled .
Let 's walk .
Christmas park , they 're at the mall , drive in looking for parking lots and what you see ?
16 <unk> places for disabled .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
Also , I 'm telling you , I have 99 problems , and 55 C. It is just one of them .
From there a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and live in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it .
If my three biggest sisters <unk> , I cleaned up .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents went to the school system , and I would argue that I was also , and if we did n't take all the top note to the top of my mother .
My father taught me how to walk the five years putting my heel on his feet and just walk .
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that I would plug it up .
The <unk> I carry on was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten , I was walking as a boxing champion who had received a lot of strokes .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city , and they were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all the family . I think no one realized that we were not Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians would think of appropriate using `` hate I hate Muslims '' as motto .
The people I grew up with no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed like <unk> a lot that died of hunger during the <unk> .
I told them that he had enough fat to live three months without eating it , so fast at dawn at dusk is very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford the physical therapy , so I was sent to the dance school .
I learned to dance with heels with heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were wearing heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the Jersey course , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid that if we 're not going to come back to Palestine , all the summers , we would get Madonna .
On the summer holiday often , my father was often about <unk> , so I would drink drink of deer , and they put me warm cups on my back , and I would get warm cups on my back , and I remember the water telling me his eyes and thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I must say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga was a comedian , you could n't stand up .
And now I can hold on my head .
My parents had this idea that I could do anything , that no sleep was impossible , and my dream was to be in General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a grant to <unk> , University of Arizona , because it was in all <unk> .
It was like the <unk> of the theater department .
Everyone loved me .
I did all the least of the least intelligent tasks , I took the ultimate note in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I was doing a scene of the glass zoo , my <unk> teachers .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called very slow dance on Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` In order to have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
Ultimately , free !
Thanks to God all-powerful , I 'm now free ! ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him to her Brown .
I went to <unk> the director of the theater department , crying historically , as if someone would have killed my cat , and she told me why and she told me that because they thought it could n't make the stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the risk stunts , you can not the character . ''
It was a role that I was literally born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy .
The university was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a history of <unk> actors for disabled actors .
When I graduated home , I went home , and my first <unk> tour was like an extra soap tour .
My dream was actually made .
And I knew it would be <unk> <unk> in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there as a vase , and it was n't seen to me as the back of the back , and it was clear to me that the allocation managers do n't have <unk> actors , not white , with disability .
You just get to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
So I became <unk> .
In my first day , I took famous comic comedians from New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedy that took when he fell at high speed on the New Jersey highway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs every United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle States , no censorship and no veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I do know that you never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are not fun , and we 're very fun .
In 2003 , my other mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> <unk> Festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of <unk> in media , and at once you remind the <unk> stores that <unk> and Arabic is <unk> .
<unk> Arabs were much easier to fight the challenge of the stigma with disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was invited to the news program by cable has Keith <unk> .
And I walked out as if he went to a graduation dance , I would get back to a studio and sat at me in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two . ''
And we were live .
So I stood on to the desk of presenter to not come out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pregnant .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> it . I knew I would n't get back .
But not only Mr. <unk> went back to having me , but I stayed as a full-time participant and beat my chair .
Something fun that I learned live with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
The kids are saying that kids are cruel , but I never had a little girl or a little girl .
All of a sudden , my disability on the Internet came out of ridicule .
You see online clips online , like , `` Why do you <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite : `` Poor <unk> .
What 's the disease ?
We should really pray for it . ''
A reviewer suggested I 'd even add my disability to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
The disability is as visual as race .
If someone in the wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then you ca n't make somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled are -- yeah , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority in the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said no walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that <unk> less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our kids well .
My dishwasher journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I became <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the <unk> Susan <unk> Susan <unk> , and the infamous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act in a movie with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , the incredible Matthews Dave .
<unk> the world , `` Arabs have become nuts . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008 .
And I founded `` <unk> Children '' -- a charity to give the Palestinian refugee children a tiny fraction of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me acting in live , and I do this talk to her memory .
belong to peace .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know their story .
He lives in a small village of <unk> .
This people are near <unk> .
<unk> drives small people to poverty and on the brink of starvation .
Without anything for him there , it goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the capital capital .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , no perspective of future .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day you give him a guy who offers it to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , which gives you a break .
It 's getting a little bit of money so they bought new clothes , money to send home , to her family .
They present to a young man .
Finally home .
It starts a new life .
It has a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , it bursts a car bomb .
That little boy with the dream of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were the <unk> , a connected terrorist organization with al Qaeda .
So how did the story of a small village of a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city , with him ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for a chance , hoping to start their future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came to him .
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call `` the Wait period . ''
And their story repeats in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the sidelined , young urban city that we <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , who are looking at something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
Often it 's youth who suffer from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of every five people who live in cities are under 18 .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the story of the waiting period , the door of access to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , will be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember going to that hospital , I remember thinking , `` What if I had never gone ? ''
What if I was forced to be in that same `` Wait period '' ?
Would I have become a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to harbor some juvenile leaders in a corporate peak .
They 're going to get rid of 90 juvenile leaders <unk> .
We sat down and we had an idea of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He was at the University of <unk> , graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because he was a graduate university , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to come from point A to B are the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and I seized it .
He started a motorcycles company .
She started <unk> motorcycles to local residents who normally could n't afford them .
I bought 10 motorbikes , with the help of her family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorcycles over the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What does it do to this different story ?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the entrepreneurial spirit , and I think that the entrepreneurial spirit can be the most powerful tool against the hope period .
<unk> young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me to train some of the young people at the top of the business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of the business initiative .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that we 've seen in more than 22 years , and until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers to come , if you wanted flowers to your wedding , we were from plastic sent from the foreigner .
If you ask somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be : `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a company of <unk> and floral design .
I created a farm in the outskirts of <unk> , and he began to cultivate <unk> and <unk> , which as he said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And it started the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now it 's working on the creation of the first public park in <unk> in 22 years .
There 's no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where the families , the young people , can go together , and like he says , smell the pink <unk> .
By the way , he does n't grow pink because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They 'd never thought about starting a business .
They had thought to work for an NGO , working for the government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
It forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , who might be <unk> .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
We 're using business solutions to local problems .
So , inspiring the young people and create a business culture is really a big step , but the young people need the capital to make their ideas .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in the development and set their businesses .
Let 's go back to young people with the resources that they need to have to move from conception to creation , and create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the spirit spirit is something more to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Their Peace Park , this is how it 's called , when it 's created , it transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired children from the street to help rent and keep her motorcycles for him .
It gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : turning young people into entrepreneurs , <unk> and eat their inherent innovation , and they 're going to have more stories about flowers and Peace Parks that <unk> and <unk> .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , an area <unk> north of New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
<unk> forest .
The sun would make the leaves like a <unk> , and it 's not the way that we were still able to pretend that we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful horse Lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed of the shed there was a dump , about four square feet with apple hearts and aluminum balls , and old footwear .
And I was stunned , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
The <unk> that were too lazy to pull out what they thought that was going to clean their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and you get a little bit off .
Who clean our garbage ?
No matter how they organize or where to put the `` ours '' , who clean our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of Energy cleans our trash , for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable product every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What do you feel like to use the uniform and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked along the road , and I interviewed people in offices and installations throughout the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I need to go into a lot more .
So I began to work like trash trash .
Now I would n't just just travel in the trucks . I used them .
And it operated the mechanical <unk> and the snow .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody asks about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong you get used to quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies were tracking the weight of taking over their body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Office of <unk> Statistics , waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and go into the traffic all day and pass through you .
They just want to be <unk> , so the driver is not paying attention .
That 's really bad for the worker .
And also the crap itself is full of dangers that often fall from the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that crap is like a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a breathing form or circulation .
It must always be in motion .
And it 's also stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic , because I believe strongly that waste collection is the most important labor hand in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first license to public health .
If you do n't get rid of the energy in a efficient and effective way every day , this starts to rise from their containers and its dangers are threaten us in very real ways .
Things that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to sprout , and they start <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of old , we do n't have space for what the motors engines begin to fail when it 's in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just pointing out its relationship .
And then it 's what I call our average average speed needed .
I mean , I 'm just just at the speed that we used to move into the contemporary era .
We usually do n't worry about it , not knowing , but we got our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We 're using them , forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that we would take for it .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that may help reduce the stigma and put them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , in a <unk> fashion .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when <unk> .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a form of relief .
The flow that they keep us in except for ourselves , of our own waste , our junk , and that flow must always stay in one form or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I heard a <unk> truck truck , grabbed my son small and I went down the stairs running the stairs running , and there was a man doing his journey of recycled paper as I did all the Wednesday .
And I tried to thank her for his job that particular day , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
Let 's be fine . ''
Shortly after that I started to research the waste collection , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , we worked together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist in this planet as a species , as a species , we need to include all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
<unk> waste , which we think when we talk about garbage , they represent three percent of the nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next you see somebody whose job is to clean the garbage from you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
And my work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life forming a part of the environment where architecture is naturally born of the conditions and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects today as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other one in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final workforce of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a <unk> mall in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to get running . ''
So after seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to point out .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to use a lot of energy because the skin coating generates heat inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should not happen because it 's a temperate climate goes from 20 to 25 degrees across the year .
And thirdly , it looks like nothing to do with Africa and yet Ethiopia .
It 's a rather rich place in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really hooked with the old market , which is this <unk> structure where thousands of people go and buy things every day to little marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , by applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to inspect the site , which is located in an area of a very much growth zone in the city , where much of the buildings that we now see in the picture , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in an extension of hundreds of meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two blocks , putting all the inputs in the building .
And it extends with an inclined atrium that creates an outdoor space that creates an outdoor space in the building that is <unk> , by its own form of sun and rain .
And around this space , we have the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on each floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how do we close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that supports the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar fabric of a concrete shell with drilling to allow the air entrance , and also light , but in a filtered way .
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons of dresses in the Ethiopian .
They have the fractal geometry , and it helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little shuffled pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way inside the building .
This would be attached to these little colors of colors that use light inside the building to light the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It was n't what we ask . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more profitable than the commercial center , because at the end of there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was significantly more economic , not just because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning .
So we got certain kinds of savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy <unk> for the building in a city where the electricity is cut away almost every day .
So we got a huge advantage by putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which are collecting water for the inner <unk> .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project that big , the biggest I 've been designed , I needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention to the <unk> , a <unk> structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access to nearly straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was to expand the streets existing , creating 12 similar blocks similar to size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines , and this shifted the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the small cell of the project , as an apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's direct , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So we would give a schematic that claims most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that it 's almost like a combination of European block and the Arab city .
It 's got these blocks with courtyards , and then in the low plant , we have all the connections to pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set up a greater density at the upper levels and a lower density in the plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving up the community , busy construction .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can go up and socialize , and make activities such as a run from two kilometers in the morning , or jump from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're emerging in emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important , looking at architecture , looking for simple , but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and that they have to be able to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new child joined our class . It was as remarkable , as all the new girls see .
He had large amounts of hair very bright , and a little <unk> of pencils , beautiful . It was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
And I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I had my sinister plan .
One day I stayed a time after the school coming out of school , I was a little late , and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I walked out , I walked into the classroom , I took off the table of my master 's book .
And then I did .
I 'm going to take the ratings from my rival , just a little bit , just some of them .
And I signed up to give back the book to the crate , but to see , some of my other guys had really good grades as well .
So , in a frenzy , I 'll give you the notes of everybody , without any imagination .
I put all rows of <unk> and myself to myself , just to be there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea arose .
I do n't understand why I felt good about doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I was never caught .
It was all <unk> .
I never discovered .
But most of all , I 'm going to tell you the reason why I felt that this little girl , so small , was so good for <unk> .
I was jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so forth .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates . Birds tiles are very likely .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the U.S .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that will observe loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
That 's why we have to go to fiction , because novels are like the lab where the jealousy are all done in all possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there was no exaggeration , we would have had no literature .
Well , there would not be Helen <unk> , there would be no Odyssey .
There would be no king jealous , or `` A thousand and a night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
He <unk> the reading lists of high school , because we 'd be losing `` The Noise and the <unk> , '' there would be no Gatsby or `` Party , '' we will lose `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
No jealousy , no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost it has all .
This year is 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In search for lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy , and also the ordinary competitiveness , mine , everything we could have . And thinking about Proust , we have the details , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think about a <unk> <unk> in you .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forget how relentless is .
I mean , it 's books that Virginia <unk> said were as hard as a cat <unk> .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they 're going so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It will be very obvious as jealousy , which is reduced to the person , to their wish , to their liabilities , are a strong <unk> base ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being at once a storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to nail the knife , right ?
jealousy make us all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give you pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it begins to say that story , and since then , Proust says that every cool charm that you 're looking at in his lover , he adds to his collection of Torture instruments in their private chamber .
You 've got to admit that you 're going to say and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , Proust boyfriends would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break up with it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's hard work . Right ?
jealousy are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You need to power them .
And how are jealousy ?
The jealousy gets rid of the information .
jealousy use the details .
But jealousy like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute little <unk> of pencils .
The jealousy came out of the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful . Proust links well the language of jealousy .
When <unk> is in his jealousy agony , you suddenly hear behind the doors and <unk> the servants of his lover , then advocates that behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is <unk> , but it 's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monument . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with true intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy is trying to prove that jealousy can look <unk> and they make us seem like <unk> , but at its point , they 're search for knowledge , a painful truth . In fact , what Proust is , the more painful truth , the better .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss -- these were the pathways towards Proust wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , which makes us suffer , causes us a whole range of much more profound and vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy reveal ourselves .
Is there any other excitement that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other excitement reveals us our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at as peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young young young woman who was consumed with the idea that his wife would get him .
And Freud says that there was something strange in that man , who did n't lie on what his wife was doing .
Well she was innocent ; everyone knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife was doing , without realizing , unintended behavior .
<unk> too much ? Or do n't you accidentally complain about a man ?
Freud said that man was becoming the unconscious of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels is very good at this .
The novels described very well how jealousy made us look at intensity , but without accuracy .
In fact , the more intensely jealous of us are , the more we become residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy , lead us to make violent or illegal acts .
jealousy drives us to behave entirely .
Now I 'm thinking about myself at the age of eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman of 52 years of age was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from the time I would send <unk> messages , horrific to herself , for a year .
For a year . It 's a year .
She was trying to join the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , and I have to confess that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
What huge , even though unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a <unk> novel <unk> .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character from the American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> , '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that deal with how the jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be surprise in a second .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> is going to <unk> or want what you have to take your way , and you 'll get rid of what you ever had , and it 's under the floor , and it <unk> your name , it takes your rings , you take your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I can not give you everybody else , so much as I want .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in jealousy times .
I mean , are we good citizens of social networks , where is the currency ? Right ?
The novels show us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not secure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the Baker Street Street and ask , by Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think of the <unk> curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always been talking about [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head face rat rat <unk> that needs desperately desperately , needs the Holmes genius , but it bothers him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs its help , but it was <unk> , and <unk> with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally , in `` The <unk> of <unk> <unk> , '' once appropriately walks into , <unk> all with his solution , <unk> it back and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir .
We 're proud of you . ''
And it tells you that there 's no person in Scotland who would n't like to raise your hand .
It 's one of the times the few times that we see Holmes rushed in history . It seems to me that is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute row is on the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute , you 're on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> will admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What happens if jealousy is really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to be <unk> from the greatness of the other .
We can relate to it .
But I like plans on contingency .
So as we hope that happens , let 's remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
It 's just the fiction called jealousy .
Now , fiction used the 1950s and invites them to the table .
And look at what puts it : the sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the crazy <unk> , the shepherd Proust .
We 're at great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
The 21st of July of 1969 , Buzz Aldrin came out of the <unk> Apollo module , and it landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the <unk> surface was the culmination of a collective <unk> process .
The Apollo program was the greatest mobilization in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
Apollo gave a few 400,000 people work , and he asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the Apollo crew .
But before the Apollo <unk> program <unk> , 24 men traveled to the moon .
He walked on his surface , which went out of which he went out after death of Armstrong last year , is now the oldest man .
So why were they ?
They did n't have a lot of a turn around : <unk> kilos of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of exposure and fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical response is , because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the name of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 is a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why is the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why do you scale the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why fly over the Atlantic ?
Why do Rice play Rice ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West about this in the Cold War .
At the time , the strongest emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of the technology of technology .
They were because it was great to be able to do it .
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it was <unk> <unk> and eliminated .
Technology seemed to find what Alvin <unk> was in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with a candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo 's crew flew for 40,000 miles / hour .
From 1970 , no human being has come back to the moon .
Nobody has been faster than the Apollo crew of Apollo 10 , and the optimism of optimism about the power of the technology has evaporated to how we imagine that technology will solve how to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feeding the world population seem to be intractable .
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 <unk> .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that you wo n't look at the <unk> tube at the <unk> Saturn .
I knew so much about this would be the last <unk> mission , but it was completely sure that I would get to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what it happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard it for the last two days here , at TED .
It seems like if technologists would have distracted us and become enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But it does n't solve the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a unified explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that they 've created less ambitious companies than those of the years that Intel was at <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are guilty , specifically , the incentives that venture capitalists offer the entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk that we changed the creation of ideas to be transformed by incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It 's mostly going on in <unk> Valley .
Even when the risk capitalists were at their peak , not worrying about risk , they preferred small investment , unless they could get out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy , which need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term , and they have never invested in the development of technologies that are dedicated to solve big problems because they do n't have an immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes , we chose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We 're not going to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want sources of alternatives that can compete at price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree about what political and treaties international treaties are developing the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of high carbon control .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an energy policy , or the international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological , they 're not going to be .
We know from the time that famine is a result of failure to deal with food .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affects the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crop crops or systems for the storage and function of food , but there will be famine while there was bad governments .
So finally , the big problems sometimes make a solution , because we do n't understand the problem really .
President Nixon declared the war on cancer in 1971 , but we soon found that there are many types of cancer , some <unk> resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve the problems with technology .
We can and we have , but these four elements have to be present : Political leaders and population must want to solve the problem ; institutions must be to support the solution ; it 's really about a technological problem , and we should understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , is with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no <unk> competition like in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who 's going to be difficult and dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , going to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And it really was n't even address any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we do n't have the challenges missing .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to begin with <unk> the inputs that you have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become <unk> from our society .
I think they 're three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a large decline of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third is one task : we should recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task have been wrong .
What I 'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a rather clear idea about it .
First of the claim : why do people think that trust has gone down ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I bow to think that he may have dropped in some activities or institutions , and that could have risen in others .
I 'm not clear .
But I can turn to the opinion polls , and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased .
When you look at opinion surveys over time , there 's no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who are displaced about 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , continue inspiring the same mistrust .
And the people who were very confident about 20 years ago are still quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the way .
But is it enough evidence ?
What they think about these are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people think when they 're asked certain questions .
Trust the politicians ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if somebody asked you , `` Are you going to go to <unk> ?
<unk> on the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary teachers ? ''
You probably ask for asking , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sensible response .
And you could say , when you 've said , `` Well , I trust you , but I trust you . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit confidence in a separate way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , official or type of person , is going to be uniform in every case .
I could , for example , say I trust a certain master 's master 's degree that I know to give the class of reading , but in any way to drive the school fees .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my wildest friend to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we have those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is separate , why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in the most abstract form ?
I think that polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they try to ignore the good judgment of trust in something or someone .
Second , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal that I would argue .
I would have more confidence in what 's trusted , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to not trust what is not reliable .
And I think that those people who are getting their savings with the very rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think about them , and I think , well , yes , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life .
Naturally , or violating intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , it says , yeah , yeah , that means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about is to do a judgment of how trustworthy people are in certain ways .
And I think to be able to do a judgment , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are you competent ? Are you honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we found that a person is competent in the <unk> subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I do n't trust them to take a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that you can do certain things , but I see that we 're going to take your own skills .
And I 'm really happy to say that I think I have n't a lot of friends to be competent and accountable .
If it 's that , I still do n't notice .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before we trust .
Power is the answer .
The trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've been trying to build systems of accountability for all sorts of institutions , professionals , officials , and so on , they made us easier to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that it takes more time to take the administrative paperwork that will happen . ''
And we find the same problem in all our public life , and institutional and institutional , that the system of accountability that is destined to guarantee the trustworthiness and the evidence of trustworthiness , is actually making the opposite .
What they do is difficult to do the work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that the boxes lead , as we say .
I 'm sure all of you know similar examples .
All of that , for the target .
I think that the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if you were worthy of being worthy of trust and give them to the people that we are reliable , and if you stop to whether other people , officials or politicians are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's judgment , simple actions , attitudes , what 's not done properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task to rebuild the confidence , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild the trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , it 's distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You 've got to give them the key bases so you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to make sure you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's all done every day , everywhere , it makes the ordinary people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks says I can return them without giving explanation .
I 'm wearing them and get it back to me , or I 'll change the color that I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they become vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson in that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So , in the end , I think that what we 're aiming at is not a very hard to figure out .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that frame , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of the computers , we 've been working forward to reduce the separation between us and digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen that the imagination can be transformed .
This separation has gone down , increasingly , more and more , to such a day today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a touch screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
I first created this tool that gets deeper into the digital space , so when the strongest <unk> against the screen is its physical body to pixels .
Designers can put their ideas directly into 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs below the screen .
So , with this tool , the barriers break .
But the two hands still remain outside the screen .
How do you get to the inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity for your hands ?
In the Science of Science mathematics from Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital field of work .
And so , by combining an transparent bombsight with camera cameras to detect the fingers and the face , now you can pick up the hands of the keyboard , get inside the 3D space , and pick up directly directly with your hands .
As the windows and the files have a location in real space , it 's as easy as taking a shelf book .
You can look through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that 's below every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're engaging in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and make digital information come into us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and back on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about it .
What I have here is a virtual <unk> for the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would you be a future ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my fellow <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving as a pixel in 3D in space , which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was we suck the gravity and control movement through a combination of levitation and mechanical debris and detectors .
And when we program digitally the object , we release it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can come back and reproduce , and there are forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and distance , and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can play as a physical reality , the times we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts as the movement of the planets , the physics , and unlike monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physics of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you can see , digital information is not just going to show us something but begin to act directly on us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to make it out of our world .
We started talking about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I became <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to give me a school for athletes with all expenses payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After survival the Cultural Revolution , they believed that there was only an accurate path to happiness : a safe job and paid work .
No matter whether the job I 'd like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , on my imaginary piano .
An opera singer needs to start <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to school school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the host of a radio program .
But no adult will tell you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends supported me , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So , at the age of 15 , I knew it was so much too much to train .
My dream will never happen .
I feared , that during the rest of my life , a second class happiness shift was the only thing that might aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I resolved to look at another vocation .
Anybody just wanted to teach me ? Okay .
They <unk> books .
[ `` Masterpieces <unk> '' from <unk> , `` aka Good <unk> of history '' ] I came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books that I read here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is the Chinese African life .
And it 's not convenient propaganda . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but odd .
That 's a theme for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation , `` Tell your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better to obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this trap of guilt guilt and to restart the relationship with my parents .
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit .
Let 's have a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed outside , because this is what students in China learn .
It had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
<unk> reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There 's to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought , if comparative reading worked work to investigate , why not do it as well in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
You can be people [ `` Benjamin '' from Walter <unk> ] [ `` John Adams , '' by David <unk> ] who were involved in an event , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , policymakers are economic , political and spiritual .
By the Buddha , it 's all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The path of <unk> Tzu '' [ `` The path of Tao '' <unk> <unk> ] Instead of losing in translation , I found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , this is through translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` joy '' -- Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , it literally means `` new mother '' .
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people in the past and the present .
I know I 'm not going to feel like powerless or powerless .
Having a broken dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Until a dream dream can do that for you .
And it 's thanks to books , which I 'm here today , happy , living with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So the books always join them .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman called Alex .
Alex entered the first session , using jeans and a <unk> , threw on the couch of my office took my shoes off and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My roommate had a <unk> as the first client .
And I was a <unk> who wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex took up the sessions , it made me easy to just move my mind while we 'd run the solution .
`` Thirty <unk> are the new twenty , '' he said , I was right , she was right .
You start to work later , they go home , you have kids later , even death happens .
For <unk> as Alex and I had time .
But soon after , my supervisor pushed me to press Alex to talk about his love life .
I was resisted .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming out with guys under the category , lying down with a <unk> , but it 's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Still not , but maybe you marry the next .
Also , the best time to work on the marriage of Alex is before they marry . ''
This is what psychologists call a <unk> moment .
It was when I realized that the '30s is not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what was used , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex to be a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex were the perfect time and we were wasting it .
And so I realized , this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not only for Alex and his love , but for the careers , the families and the future <unk> everywhere .
There 's 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think no one comes to adulthood without going to have gone before them .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to look at those guys here .
Oh , yeah ! These are amazing .
If you work with <unk> , you love a 20-year-old , you take your dream up a 20-year-old , I want to see . Okay . Incredible , <unk> really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments will be spent to the 35 years .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha , '' that they shape his life will have happened to be 30 and so many .
People from over 40 , not panic .
This audience is going to be well , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money you will win .
We know that more than half Americans are married , or they 're coming out with their future partner at 30 .
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there is something that you want to change yourself , now is the moment to change it .
We know that the personality changes more times during its <unk> than at any time in life , and we know that female fertility comes to its top to the 28 , and the things get complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the moment for education on their body and their choices .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which your everyday and common life has a <unk> impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what they 're listening to .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them an extended adolescence .
Journalists are ridiculous as <unk> as `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality that actually is the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make big things , you need a plan , and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give it a 20-year-old in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
It 's not happening .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and ambition and does n't happen absolutely anything .
And then every day , smart , interesting , interesting things like you or your daughters and daughters come to my office and say , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that while I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are for <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then he starts to sound like this : `` My quotes during the <unk> were like the chairs game .
They were all running , but then at some point about 30 , the music was turned out and all began to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who was going to stop , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are these guys here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds like a little bit extreme , but it 's not wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s , there 's a huge pressure on the 1930s , and we 're going to start a career , pick a city , pick a mate , and have two or three children in a much smaller time period .
Many of these things are n't compatible , and there are research that begin to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything from once to the '30s .
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You realize that you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> are seen themselves , and to me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what they 're doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said that he would like to work in art or entertainment , but you still could n't decide yet , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , I was living with a boyfriend that showed a little bit older than ambition .
And despite living a very difficult <unk> , his previous life had been even more difficult .
They 're often going to get them often in our sessions , but then she would rise up , she said , `` You do n't pick your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book book , and I had spent the entire morning <unk> with his many contacts , but then he stayed looking at the empty space that follows after the words `` In case of emergency , please call ... ''
I was at the point of hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ? ''
Who 's going to take care of me if I was cancer ? ''
At that time , it took me a lot of work to resist and not say , `` Aye . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that 's really worried about .
So Emma needed a better life , and I knew that this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the Emma 's Emma went on in front .
So , for the next few weeks , and months , I said to Emma three things that all 75 , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I said to Emma , who would forget about that identity crisis and raise identity capital .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later .
I did n't know the future of the career of Emma , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital causes identity capital .
So now it 's time for that work for that work on the other side of the country , from that company , from that company that they want to test .
I 'm not crossing <unk> exploration , I 'm rejecting the exploration that I should n't tell , that , by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that would explore jobs and make them count .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you at the airport , but those guys who come together with friends with similar minds are limited by who you know , what you know , how they think about , how they 're talking , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost always comes out of their closest circle .
The new things come from what 's called weak links from friends from friends .
Yes , half of them have a bad job or they do n't have a job .
But the other half is not , and the weak ties are the way we get into this group .
Half of the jobs that have never been published , then , knowing the chief of your neighbor is the way you get a job that 's not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information is happening .
Last but not less important , Emma thinks you do n't pick your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma soon <unk> her family , when I have a mate and form your own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But let 's choose the person you live in right now or now when everybody on Facebook start to walk towards the altar of it is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it , and that means being so intentional in love as you 're at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious election of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with anyone who sees you .
So what happened to Emma ?
Well , we looked at that bag , and she found the roommate of a prime who was working in an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That offer of work gave a reason to leave the boyfriend with which he lived .
Now , five years later , it 's been special of events in museums .
This married with a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , he loves her new family , and I send her a letter to say , `` Now the spaces of emergency contact are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help you .
<unk> are like airplanes coming out from the Los Angeles airport , which comes out somewhere in the West .
Just before the takeoff , a light set in your trajectory makes the difference between land in Alaska or Fiji .
In the same way , to the 21 or the 25 , even to the 29 , a nice conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the next few years or even in the generations generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the <unk> who know .
It 's as simple as I learned to Alex .
That 's what I 've got the privilege of telling them <unk> as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their adulthood , get identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
You do n't know whether they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 , I left a very picky job in management management for a job that was even more picky : faculty .
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade students in New York City .
And as any teacher , I set up testing and testing .
I gave them tasks .
When the work came back , <unk> grades .
What struck me was that the I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had better performance had no better I.Q . score .
Some of my smartest kids were n't doing so well .
And that set me to think .
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , safe , are difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time enough .
After several years of teaching , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of the students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure better .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn how to learn how fast and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the West <unk> Academy . Point .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who would get into it .
We went to the National <unk> National <unk> , and we 're trying to predict what kids to do as far as possible in competition .
We studied teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods , which teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and from those , who will be the most effective way to improve the outcomes of their students ' learning ?
We teamed up with private companies , asking , what about these marketers are going to keep their jobs ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all of those very different contexts , a trait arose as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , physical health and was not <unk> .
It was determination .
Communication is passion and perseverance to achieve very long term .
The determination is to have resistance .
The determination is to hold into your future , day after day , not just a week , not just for the month , but for years and really work hard to make that future reality .
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a career at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in the public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students who did my questionnaires , and then waited about more than a year to see those who would get away .
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduation , even when I paired them on each feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of the standardized testing , even security that children felt when they were in school .
So it 's not just in West Point or in the National <unk> National <unk> where the determination is , it 's also in school , especially for children at risk .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know , how little science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we develop determination in children ?
What do I do to teach kids a hard job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give you determination .
Our data shows very clearly talented individuals that just do n't keep ahead with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , it 's commonly related , or it 's even related to the talent measurements .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing the determination of kids is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to hear when you fail , because they do n't think that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I finish my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front of .
We need to take our best ideas , our stronger intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful and we have to be willing to fail , to get wrong , to start all over again with the lessons that we 've learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our kids more specific .
Thank you .
He <unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my wildest memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
Since that moment , I 'm going to get rid of this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been asking if I can tear this wall , so that whoever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can .
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese might be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20,000 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , your menus from restaurants , understand the basic idea of the website or the newspapers .
Today , I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it 's square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms in both sides , as if it was shouting at the way , `` <unk> ! '' This symbol in reality is originally originally as I call it , but I like to believe that it 's in the other way .
This is a tree .
Tree tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so that they create more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` going . ''
As the old saying , two of them are company , three are crowds .
If a person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was this big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is trapped .
It 's a prisoner , just like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an <unk> . Easy to remember , because a tree <unk> is quite an idiot .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
One door . Put a table inside the door , is the spine of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , have someone at home ?
This person is coming out of a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women , put together , is adultery .
So we 've already spent about 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , it will be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same thing that you learn in eight years .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating phrases .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
A person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked over the other .
In China 's ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> will destroy their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , the exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you to get out of it .
This is a slide to remind you that I have to stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I get to see .
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids , when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our children in a kind of an industrial complex space of child fantasy .
However , the magician of Oz was an event in itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took rise to 40 years later with , curiously , another movie whose protagonists , a metal kid and a <unk> boy <unk> a girl named the enemy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a huge difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of great differences between the magician of Oz and all the films that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think that if the magician of Oz is done today , the magician would say : Dorothy , you 're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy . predicted .
You use magic shoes to defeat the armies that were created by the computer of the evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing in Oz is that the most heroic , wise characters , and they 're even afraid of women .
I began to notice this when I made Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
It 's just three years old .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the surveillance level he had down . And so slid in the room and he was impressed as a mother , and he was impressed as a mom with her stones , and I did n't think he understood what was going on , but <unk> everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be themes and perseverance and loyalty ?
Does the sense that Luke get an army to overthrowing the government ?
So let 's compare this with the magician of 1939 Oz .
So how do Dorothy his movie wins ?
You do good <unk> with everyone and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my children to grow Oz , right ? And not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much an F capital force , which is force in the movies for our children , and so little on the road of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence movies in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
I know for the experience that Princess <unk> does n't provide the right framework that I had served to navigate the world of adults who would have served , and I think that at the moment of the first kiss , I really hoped that they started to come up because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My quest is over , I have girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are lots of exceptions , and to defend Disney princess in any of you .
But they send a message to kids , even though they , kids , are not really their target audience .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend themselves against the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show the kids how to defend themselves from the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our kids , as real and lovely as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being films of war .
Of course , the most successful theme of all time continues to come up with classic pictures , each one of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who raised a girl .
So , as many of you are thinking , this year , he finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Do you remember what criticism did when he came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar is made a movie of a princess .
It 's pretty good . Do n't let it stop you !
Well , almost none of these films happens the test of <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not yet yet yet yet spreading , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions that you need to be done : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else that they like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things .
I 've seen it . I 've seen it , and yet I 've hardly seen it in the movie that we know and love .
In fact , this week I went to see a very good quality movie , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar 's success , a consensus idea of what is a Hollywood Hollywood movie .
Pretty much , it does n't happen the <unk> test .
And I do n't think I should , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the hostage crisis .
We have lots of scenes of men that have profound and painful conversations in this hide , and it 's the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's put it in the numbers .
In 2011 , from the 100,000 popular movies , how many of them believe have female protagonists ?
Eleven out . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage as the number of women we have chosen recently for Congress , then it 's fine .
But there 's a number bigger than this one that 's going to disappoint this room .
Last year , The New York Times ran a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted ever in their life .
I do n't think it 's the guilt of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for kids to have something to do with that .
I also do n't think that music videos or pornography are tightly linked , but something goes wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is that there 's a huge amount of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What do n't they get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that 's a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't speak ?
We are <unk> that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we found this world and this statistic very alarming , and we want to <unk> them .
We have tools for our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that to help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to be <unk> if , at the same time , active or passively , we 're educating our kids to keep their power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean most of the parents .
I think we have to show our children a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 'll have read about how new economics is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite `` Star Wars ] know what he responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do they have in common ?
Maybe it 's not just brilliant dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that they know more than nobody , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want fewer stories in which I 'm going to tell my son : Go go and fight only and more stories where you see their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , help other people to improve and become better people , as the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things I liked the most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would be lucky .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
Yet with time , I got used to pick them up .
I started to look at shapes and patterns that helped me get them .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I 'll see with my own eyes was not enough .
Because suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of about 1.3 miles of length and the Nile .
And my sea biscuits had grown up the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared .
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in the naked eye , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared and process it using fake color , a sudden , the place looks like pink .
What you 're seeing is the real chemical changes in the landscape caused by building materials and activities of the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used the satellite data to find an old <unk> city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the old Egypt capital for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Ages about 4,000 years ago .
The place is places in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this big renaissance of the old Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that I was located somewhere near the pyramids about the pyramids of the two kings that they built , it 's indicated inside the red circles here , but somewhere inside this enormous envelope of deluge .
So this area is huge , it 's about 400 times about 600 miles .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> and as it changed over time , moved to this and covered the whole city .
So how do you find a metropolitan city in a extensive landscape ?
And I 'll try to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded , using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA meets a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile is <unk> .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this very slightly interesting area that you see inside the circle here , which we think might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptians with Egyptians working by sampling ; you can see here .
Now , when I say to the sampling , it 's like the shots of shown in ice , but instead of climate change , we 're looking for layers of human occupation .
Five meters down , under a thick , thick layer , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs -- <unk> and quartz and cat , which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not a lot , but when we think of the most common stones that we used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that data comes from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that demonstrates that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We still do n't find any <unk> here , but we 're going to go back in a near future to localize to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle East , probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
Now , sharing knowledge is most of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So as it looks like , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas happen really started in 1984 B.C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the top .
It certainly puts marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing out , in front of the <unk> door .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that it 's made .
Now let 's have a group of <unk> obese .
They 're competing on a racing career and they 're going to address your entry door .
I need you to see this .
They 're <unk> strong , they 're sweating a lot .
They collide against the door of your house .
There 's a bike flying across all parts , wheels that go on the side of the wheels that end up in <unk> places . <unk> the door line .
The lobby , the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and look at the quality of light , the light shining on the <unk> of <unk> .
He 's waving with your hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your <unk> blue fur on your nose .
You can smell the oats of oats and pass it into the mouth .
<unk> on one side and enter his living room .
So in the room , and doing maximum use of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
She 's got little clothes , dancing about his center downtown , singing , `` <unk> Baby A . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The ground has been coated with a yellow brick path and from the oven , and from the oven , it comes to you Dorothy , the <unk> , the <unk> and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> of hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . You open your eyes .
So I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> of America .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as scientific journalist , waiting , I suppose , that this was like the end of a wise speaker .
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them only once .
They 're going to take the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
It 's got full poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who could actually memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be phenomena from nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when did you realize that you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who 's involved in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using old techniques using ancient techniques using ancient techniques in Greece , the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that the medieval academics were using them to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I n't hear about this before ? ''
We were standing out of the room of the competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful and brilliant English , although a little bit of a <unk> , said , `` Josh , you are an American journalist .
You know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how they memorize order in a deck of live cards , on national television .
That will prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
Or do you have to start something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey to me .
And I ended up spending most of the year after not training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what its potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely with the worst memory in the world .
Their memory was so bad that I did n't even remember that I had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Somebody incredibly tragic , but it was a window that will allow us to see what extent our memory makes us who we are .
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on the role of <unk> Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We went on a afternoon in the public library in Salt Lake City memorizing phone books ; it was sparkling .
And when I went back , I read a number of treaties on the memory of writing , something over 2,000 years ago in Latin , in <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained and disciplined and cooperation was not as rare as it can be like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they have also changed us .
We 've changed culturally , and I would say that they have also changed a cognitively .
Because we have almost no need to remember , sometimes it seems to have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people who are passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined and cultured memory is this very unique memory of memory .
It 's actually not as singular ; there 's skills like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers at University College in London invited a group of memory champions in the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it going to be brains in some way , structural or different from the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are you more intelligent than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of the memory champions and the subjects of control with which you compared them .
When they put them into an MRI machine , they <unk> their brains as we 're going through the numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in the memory champions , they 're going to get parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used them , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament of competitive memorizing is driven as a armed career where every year has come up with a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors have to get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> cards that he 's about to try to memorize it in an hour , using a technique that he invented and only he dominates .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of squeezing random binary digits .
I know .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these skills , it 's absolutely all the techniques that are used to the end to the end is just a single concept that psychologists call <unk> coding .
This is illustrates with a paradox , known as the `` <unk> '' `` <unk> '' says the following : I 'm telling two people who remember the same word . I say to you , `` Remember there 's a man called Baker . ''
That 's his last name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember that there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask you , `` Do you remember that word that I told you a while ago ? ''
`` Do you remember what it was ? ''
The person who told her that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who said that their work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity for memory ; that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name is Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
It 's all the other memories dancing by their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the bakers .
They use that white hats .
They have <unk> flour .
They 're getting good when they come home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when you put that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> at some back .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data next to a thousand years ago in Ancient Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the memory palace .
The story says this : There was a poet called <unk> who sat at a potluck .
They had hired him as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you would n't put a DJ , he hired a poet .
He stood up , <unk> her poem from memory , and left , and so soon it was , the hall of the dinner were collapsed .
They were killing everyone .
But it was n't just killed all of them , but it ripped the bodies left out .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting .
So , you could n't get the bodies .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting every guest .
I took the family 's relatives ' family where their loved ones were in the rubble .
What <unk> frames at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively , and that is that no matter whether we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and remarkable space .
If I was telling you that I was telling the first 10 words of the story that I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to make them very hard .
But I would bet that if you were telling them to say who I was sitting on the horse as brown in their lobby , they would be able to be able to <unk> .
The idea of the memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , <unk> , funny , funny , <unk> , <unk> image of it .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , the first treaties in memory , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say that you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and they want to do it from memory , in the same way that I 'd made a Cicero thing if they would have invited him , 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous , crazy , memorable image to help us remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine entering your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> over Mr Ed .
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then they would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that they want to count .
And then they go in the kitchen , and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help them remember it .
This is how the Romans speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which is going to confuse them , but typical for typical .
In fact , the word `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a remnant of when people thought about speaking and the rhetoric with this kind of spatial terms .
The phrase `` First , '' it would be like the first place in his memory palazzo .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got stuck with it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something long about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is an unlikely event .
So seriously , it 's like looking at a lot of people sitting on tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets rid of the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in your place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit down to the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an ancient school yearbook , bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered this was entertaining .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just to train memory .
What 's really about doing it is better more and more to create , and imagine these ridiculous , ridiculous , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was hooked pretty much with this .
This is me , using my standard training team for the memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some glasses of safety covered tape , leaving only two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . He had the idea that I could come into , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could be good epilogue for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment was out of control .
And I won the competition , which did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice to be able to memorize speeches , and the phone numbers , and this is actually not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they 're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary to be able to build the memory , or memorize the memory of cards -- to benefit from a little bit of insights about how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories are educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
It 's when we focus deeply .
The palace -- these memory techniques , they 're just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they 're making us <unk> .
It 's a kind of deep processing , a kind of full attention that most of you are n't going to get away from there .
But the reality is that there is no shortcuts .
That 's how it 's made memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what 's already our short existence on the Blackberries or iPhone , not by paying attention to being human in front of us , who is going to walk on our side . Will we even be able to help us in processing in depth ?
I learned from the first hand that there are amazing memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person who remembers remember .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we 'll just take a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from high-pressure Jersey , I was six years old , and I was living there in my parents ' house in a village called marrying , and this was my bedroom bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom who shared with my sister .
And , between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that would give the living room .
And there all happened , and I 'd all spent the time watching TV , so every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody looked at me , and every time I got distracted and I wrapped up in a towel , everybody saw me .
And I was like that .
I was awkward , insecure and hated it .
<unk> that journey , hated that balcony , hated that balcony and that house .
That 's architecture .
Ready .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , or division of areas , but from those online , emotional connections that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's no wonder that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof .
So , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's so much .
Architecture determines us in ways that we do n't even realize .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
And this means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it raises them : they think of power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know they think about it that we 're based on a building a half thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's an emotional emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
So look , these stable , solid <unk> , in front of the sea , removed from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's costly , it takes a long time and it 's very complicated .
The people who build , the <unk> and the governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that you know that they 're going to work .
So we found buildings like this .
It 's a beautiful building .
It 's the rotting Public Library that was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it 's got a dome ; it 's got this round thing , columns , red brick , which leaves <unk> what 's trying to communicate with this building : children , the values of ownership , the story .
But it does n't have much to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , was finished another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both as libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side there is innovation -- the architects that constantly drive new technologies , new kinds of values , new solutions for the forms of life today .
<unk> , we would push them , and we would push them together , that we 're completely away from people .
Everyone of black , this gets us depressed . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we have another option .
We have to go on the other side and get back to these symbols appreciated .
So we do it , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , and we 're starting to experience again , we do move the pendulum back and again , and again , we 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the <unk> .
It 's got to do with concrete .
That 's what you can guess .
<unk> small , large-scale scale .
Something really hard .
So we get to the '80s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
Let 's take the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those shapes that we know that you like and <unk> them .
We 're adding neon neon and we add some new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took a <unk> guide , and we turned it into skyscrapers , which can be castles made out of glass .
The shapes were <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
The swans grew up to the size of buildings .
madness .
But it was the '80s , that was great .
We all spend time in commercial centers , we move to the neighborhoods , and in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean , to French , or Italian .
Maybe with an endless wine glue .
This is what happens with <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we recreated memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
The architects feel frustrated , and we started doing swing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s and early '90s , we started experimenting with the <unk> called <unk> .
Now , we have the historical symbols -- we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we found ourselves with new compositions , a few ways that they 're going to stick against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 're totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , of Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academics and public in general , were completely agreed on a building .
The New York Times <unk> this <unk> construction .
The tourism tourism in Bilbao increased a thousand percent when the building ended .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media went around to them and quickly learned that those shapes and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same thing did the main mayors in the world .
So everyone believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon in the early millennium happened with other star architects .
It happened to reside and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the threshold of the new millennium , actually started to pass with all architecture , digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think of , for example , how you consume architecture .
A thousand years ago , they would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building .
The transportation is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on television , and at the end , we 're all photographers in architecture , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture is moving so fast .
It 's not exactly accurate to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before I know if that he designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we found buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a <unk> movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the top of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to the media , it starts to swing the moment to media , it starts to swing faster and more quickly , until we 're going to be in both extremes , and it 's made the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can do almost instant symbols , with emotional charge of something completely new .
I 'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> on Fire Island , in New York City .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings were exactly exactly the end of the product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people began to come and share it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , it became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , and it 's the images that you made the building .
And as you 're using it to tell their story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think of architecture .
We can tell each other what we think of architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Just think about a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building was built today , first we 're going to go to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
I was bombarded with examples of experimentation , innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can lead to the mayor of arrest , to people of committing them , and tell you that there 's no unique response to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience .
It 's all different now .
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use words , complicated drawings , and you 're no longer a hapless audience who does n't accept something that has n't seen before .
The architects can listen to , and you 're not allowed to intimidate for architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> from one style to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the architecture of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the old city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historic imitation of red brick on ideas that must be a stadium .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we 'll ultimately be ready for ways they 're going to produce .
That means that buildings are going to lie to the whims of nature and not otherwise .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve for sports or for yoga , or even you can get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream with swimming across the East River of New York , and raising half a million dollars of the community together , it 's not a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , and <unk> and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
The architects already know how to make more ecological , smarter buildings .
We 've been waiting for everybody .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
The buildings not only reflect our society , but they shape the smallest spaces : local libraries , the homes where we formed our children , and the bedroom in the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year to walk .
And it makes it a great thing , typical of the children 's typical , as if your body was moving too fast for their legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that the most likes to do for the moment is to look to look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
It laughs and <unk> , and it gives itself those big kisses and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do it , and he made me think : When did this stop doing this ?
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google : `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , you just want to be dear and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for the next week in school .
It 's a little bit scary , it 's a bit confused because , even though his mom tells me all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells you that it 's ugly .
Among what his mom says to him and what his friends , or school colleagues say , does n't know who believing .
So a video of it itself , he puts it on YouTube , and ask others to leave a comment , `` Am I nice or am I ugly ? ''
Well , so far , <unk> has received more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so unpleasant , it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We 're talking about a healthy , normal , current teenager , who receives these answers in one of the most emotionally vulnerable of life .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what are they doing this ?
Well , the teenagers are almost never alone .
They 're under being online and available all the time , talking , `` I like , '' saying , `` I like , '' saying , `` I like , '' saying , `` I 'm sharing , publishing , '' publishing , this is never done .
Never before we 've been so connected , in a continuous way , so young , so young .
As a mother told me , `` It 's like a party in your bedroom every night . ''
There 's simply no privacy .
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are ruthless .
This environment , of being always connected to our kids to <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' and the kinds of comments they get .
There 's no division between a living and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is n't .
And it 's also very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulated digitally .
What is the greatest thing in someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are magazine covers of the girls now .
<unk> <unk> continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now routine .
And trends like : <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> .
For those of that , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today .
It 's not hard to see what young people are comparing .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like the <unk> of the sports stars , and the singers would get them .
But what is the problem with all of this ?
Well , we certainly want our children to grow healthy , and be <unk> individuals .
But in a culture obsessed , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental endeavor to appearance , at the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other ways begin to suffer .
Six of every 10 little girls would n't do something because they think they do n't see nice enough .
These are not trivial activities .
It 's fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as contributors to society and the workplace .
31 percent , almost one of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They 're going to be involved in discussions in the classroom because they do n't want to call attention for their physical looks .
One of five are not attending classes at all during the days when they do n't feel comfortable .
And in the exam season , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a pretty much note to the average of your fellow who do n't care about that look enough .
And this phenomenon has been pervasive in Finland , America and China .
And it 's regardless of what these young people actually weigh .
So , to be clear , we 're talking about as you see you , not what you 're really .
The low self-esteem of your body is <unk> .
And it 's also <unk> health .
<unk> teenagers do less physical activity , they eat less fruit and vegetables , they participate in more healthy diets that they can take them into a food mess .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily <unk> by people surrounding them and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we think it 's all about this because of what they make more risky decisions , like alcohol 's consumption and of drugs , static diets , static surgery , for sexual relationships , early age and no protection and no damage .
The perfect body is pushing into the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who think they 're overweight again , regardless of whether or they do n't have higher rates .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day where they do n't feel secure in the way they look .
Think for a moment what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that opportunity be ?
We 're interested in this potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , talking , by itself , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key forms . The first is that we have to nurture trust in your own body .
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of the perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs that are available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we need to make sure that the program that we follow our children are still going to have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six things are kind of crucial starting points for anybody willing to provide an education on body self-esteem that works .
One education is fundamental , but address this problem requires each of us that take the driver 's seat in the issue and be a better model to continue for women and girls in our own lives .
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to count on the input of our politicians in slice of hair or the size of its breasts , or <unk> that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not great beauty .
We need to begin to judge people by what they are , not as you see .
All of us can start doing the responsibility for the kind of images and feedback that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow to control their whole person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who are actually making the difference on a pedestal .
So let 's make a difference in the real world , let 's make them be the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're going to be viewed by being those who are , or to reach what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who 's in mind ?
Your wife ?
Her sister ?
Your daughter ?
Is your niece ? A friend ?
It could be simply the woman who 's going to two seats away . What it would mean for her if it was liberated from that voice in the <unk> inside , which haunts you do n't have long legs , got it brighter , a more flat , a smaller , feet smaller .
What would it mean for her if we were going to do this , and we would unlock his potential in that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the images is holding us together .
But let 's take our children the truth .
It <unk> that the way you see is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do , and as they make us feel .
They 're going to be self-esteem on rsums .
Let 's change each of us , the way we talk about and we compare to other people .
And to work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year 's age will become <unk> agents of themselves tomorrow .
So let 's do it .
On the fifth of November , a guy named <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi who was <unk> , the leader of the League of Defense <unk> .
At first , they were initially the innocent , but being caught in other minor charges , but in the company of others , they started planning for a set of attacks in New York , including tunnels , synagogues and the United Nations headquarters .
Fortunately , those plans would be dismissed by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center , could n't avoid .
Later on <unk> would be convicted of their participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with an Egyptian mother , elementary school , both of them made everything possible to give me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam that very few , even most Muslims , get to know .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to want the same things in life .
However , in all of religion , in every human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who were being used as opposed to their convictions that we think of that we have to use all of the possible media for everyone living as them .
A few months before the arrest he sat with me , and he explained that in the last weekend , he and some friends , they 'd been going to start shooting at <unk> Island training , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I was throwing , my father helped me hold the rifle to the shoulder , and he explained to me how to point to the target at about 30 meters .
That day , with the last bullet that shot him , I gave the little orange light on the target , and for surprise of all , especially me , the whole goal broke out .
My uncle went back to the others and in Arabic , he said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
From such a father , such child .
Everybody , the comment made a lot of laughter , but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny .
You saw me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later , they would be condemned by putting a <unk> <unk> in the Underground park of the World Trade Center of the World Trade Center , causing a explosion that killed six people and hurt to another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability in my childhood did n't allow me to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable about somebody , it was time to pack and go to another city .
As I was always , the face of the class was often <unk> victim .
<unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new of the class , silent and a chubby , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time , I spent reading in reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't have any social skills , to speak <unk> , was not prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera , judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like your race or your religion .
So how could I open the eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they tested my way of thinking was during the presidential elections .
In a <unk> program that I participated in at the National National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group became <unk> in the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a <unk> victim , was something I felt so passion .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day , towards the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the guys with whom we 'd done friendship , was Jewish .
I took several days out of the light this detail , and I realized that there was not anybody else between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and I was frankly very proud of being able to overcome the barrier that my entire life had been made to believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial time came when I got a summer job , on Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , that experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
My whole life had been taught that the <unk> was a sin , and by extension , all gay gay were bad influences .
By accident , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the most kind and less critical I 'd ever seen in life .
Having been displaced , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat kind , exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated .
That 's why I could contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me as a child , with the experience of the interaction in real life .
I do n't know how to be homosexual , but I know what 's going to be trial for something beyond my control .
Then came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me very intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I helped myself see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , do n't have anything to do with character .
In many ways , he became my visible figure in a moment where I was desperately <unk> .
Sometimes , inspiration can come from unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life that my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
I had a conversation with my mother on how I was changing my way of thinking , and she told me something that I can keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes of somebody who has suffered enough with endless <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that time I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break my relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why do I decided to go out and put myself into a risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope someone , someday , who 's going to try to bring violence , I can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way . That even though I went to this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get a fan .
Instead , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism to speak , against those meaningless acts as rejection of my father 's actions .
With this simplicity , I 'm showing myself as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that children do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you .
Right now , there 's a film that 's projected in your minds .
It 's an amazing <unk> film .
It 's in 3D , and it 's got <unk> sound of what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has smell , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as a moments of your childhood that you project to your eyes .
And it has constantly a voice superimposed on your flow of conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of existence of human being .
Every one of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing we know more directly .
At least , I know I have an awareness of your own .
I do n't certainty that you 're conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why are n't we just robots that we 're getting to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal film ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there 's never a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all the 20th century , we 'll get that vision .
psychology was objectively seen , the neuroscience is objectively a objectively a brain , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED began , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After 20 years ago , it all began to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` It 's now the moment that science <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flowering of scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some brain areas and some states of consciousness .
We saw something about this kind of great work that I made Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel happy or feel happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain it by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
without offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , it 's not the true central mystery of this matter : Why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is it a subjective internal film film ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon like traffic , like hurricanes , like life , and let 's find explanation .
The typical <unk> are every case of emergent behaviors , how the traffic operate , how they reproduce , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolizing the living organisms , and they 're all questions about how objective works .
That 's what you could apply to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk around , how we 're playing chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among the easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question why is that all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have much to say .
I 'm a heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory to make it work . For a long time , he would beat me head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work .
But finally , I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get into this point .
We have a chain of wonderful explanations , great . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other , we do n't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is a kind of anomaly , something that we need to integrate into our view of the world , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly , you can need radical ideas , I think we need ideas that at first take crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who is here today , has one .
Their crazy idea is that there is no such problem that is hard for consciousness .
The whole idea of the subjective subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do is to explain the objective functions , the brain behaviors , and this is how everything you need explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm in a different direction .
In the time that 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks -- space , time and mass .
<unk> fundamental laws that govern that govern , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of anything more basic .
Instead , they 're considered fundamental , and that 's what the world is built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell 's discovered that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , or space , time , mass , Newton 's laws , and he applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applying the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that these laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas out of our fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then for a matter of logic , you have to double the list .
The most natural would be to care for itself as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden it is not the object of science .
It opens the path to scientifically manage .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want to have fundamental laws that we can have these hostage laws in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could take stamping onto a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision sometimes is called <unk> : <unk> , every system is conscious , not only humans , the dogs , the mice , the flies , even the microbes from Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or you think .
It 's not that a photon can be filled with heartbreak when he thinks , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , so .
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of raw feeling , subjective , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How did someone think about something so crazy ?
In part of this , it comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural suppose that it can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea is <unk> , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more about a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that we 're looking at thinking with the physical process , is <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there 's consciousness .
It 's like <unk> complex , like a human being , complex consciousness .
It 's a simple , simple consciousness .
Something very exciting is that in the recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and I developed it with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the extent of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to be done with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is an average degree of information integration , as significant , more significant awareness degree .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , the particles , the degree of <unk> declines .
The level of information integration is less , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there 's still a <unk> level of zero .
In fact , a fundamental law for consciousness is : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world .
Political and philosophers are often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying .
As Stephen Hawking , `` Where does the fire come out of the equations ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can leave you as they are , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts them fire into equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not outside of the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there in the center right there .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to accommodate our relationship with nature , and it can have some pretty serious ethical and ethical consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that was consciousness , so I should be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you take that vision , you 'll have a lot of hunger .
I think that thinking about it well , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral moral , it 's not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha 's <unk> movie ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , so that the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , you have ethical problems that are pretty serious about the ethics of the development of smart computers and the ethics of <unk> .
Finally , you can ask for whole collective collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk -- right now , we have a master collective consciousness , an internal film for this whole group of TED , different from the internal movies in each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least is a question that you should take seriously .
So this vision is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually more confident than the crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental , than the second one , which is universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love it .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we finally will discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
He had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I 'm afraid of my friends , I 'm afraid of my sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to give them an award of the community .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's really nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She 's actually not gotten anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , he had good grades . After the school , I had a <unk> in my mother 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know what contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing to be extraordinary at all .
Nothing that might be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching at a high school high school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes in the kind of <unk> studies , a guy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when will I give you your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about law enforcement for about 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in the wheelchairs , they 're talking about things that are <unk> ? ''
`` Usually in the acts of acts . ''
And it was then when I realized : This kid had had some experiences with disabilities like inspiration objects .
And we are not . And it 's not the fault of the boy , that 's true for many of us .
For us , disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage with what I do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for them to inspire them . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'm going to make a lot bigger .
I 'm not here to argue .
I 'm here to tell you that they have lied to us in relation to disability .
Yes , we have sold the lie that disability is a bad thing , a capital M , capital M .
It 's something bad and living with a disability , you make fantastic .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make you fantastic .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more of this lie through social media .
You can have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before leaving , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a huge amount of them .
You may have seen one , of the girl without the hands of drawing with a pencil held by your mouth .
You may have seen a child who runs with no carbon fiber .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the term porn term , because they 're going to give a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we 're going to engage the disabled in the benefit of people without disabilities .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , to motivate them , so that we can see them and think , `` Well , for very bad , that 's my life , could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you are that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times that they 've approached me strangers to express that I think I 'm brave or an inspirational source , and this was going to happen to before my work had a public profile .
It was like if I got to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images are attached to people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities .
They 're there for you to see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is really hard .
I 'll get some things .
But the things that we overcome not are the things that you might think .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately , because I 'm telling you the so-called social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very excited with him .
It makes the things that I need to do , and I 've learned to pull the best out of your ability as you do it , and that 's what happens with the children of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They simply are using their bodies by taking the best of their ability .
So , is it really fair to do it in the way we do it , by sharing those images ?
When people say to us , `` You 're a source of inspiration , '' says it as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because they 've sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
Now , I 'm here to give you the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , <unk> , are n't you sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I learn from other people with disabilities at all time .
Yet I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
And I learn that it 's a great idea to use a bunch of barbecue , to pick up the things that fall to me , I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the battery phone battery into the battery battery .
Great .
We learn about the force and resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that the lie that they 've been sold to us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us difficult .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles on a staircase pitch has never done it to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen wo n't come up the subtitles for the deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and it emits a positive attitude to turn all those books into braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have as low expectations of people with disabilities than we 're going to be tempted for up to the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where an 11 degree child in Melbourne is not a bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
Language does n't make us remarkable , but questioning what you think about it , I know what it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow <unk> ?
Unfortunately , I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so , please , do n't get rid of it .
When people think of augmented reality , they think in `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise <unk> the hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because augmented reality change our lives both like the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that lets you see what I see .
It will allow them to experience what is to be a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to make it .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you carry with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what 's running through the game field for 160 miles , the blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a man from 110 pounds <unk> , trying to figure out with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you it 's not nice .
And I 'm going to show you some videos to show you what is to use the Google Glass under the helmet , and give you a sense of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not images of the NFL practices , because the idea of the emerging technology is a submarine going up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A bit of time . <unk> a little bit .
Ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what it is to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of <unk> .
You may have realized that there are people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
<unk> <unk> : Mice 54 ! 54 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Go !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more to the feeling in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and they 've been asking me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see it from the angle of a field <unk> .
Or a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get full of ? How do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called the Rift <unk> , which probably many of you know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the most realistic reality apparatus ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Oh !
CK : That 's the experience of a man in a roller coaster fearing for his life .
What will be the experience of a fan when we had a fan of Adrian <unk> across the line , picking up a <unk> with the arm before running and make an notation ? What will be the experience of a fan .
When I could be able to run through the court , throw the ball down to the bottom of the network , or do you try to make a match ?
What will be your experience when it goes down a mountain at more than 100 miles an hour like a Olympic skier ?
Maybe the sales of her diapers would be .
But this is not augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get augmented reality , <unk> reality ?
We <unk> augmented reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our equipment ?
How do we use it to win matches ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a brief refresher on the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> was put together a <unk> to their field <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios on the cockpit of the field <unk> and then on the defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more entertaining .
In <unk> , imagine that they 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next move on the front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing . You do n't have to worry about forgetting a game .
or by keeping strategy .
They just go out into the field and they react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate to lose games .
If you lose games as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option is to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down .
You also get information from the headset , and <unk> , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know that .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to give the good teams of the bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds .
I 'll be too for athletes , who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine it 's the field <unk> .
<unk> the ball and <unk> .
<unk> an open receptor . All of a sudden , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight is <unk> that a defense behind you is going to <unk> them , usually , but the system of <unk> will come up with you .
It 's <unk> to the protection area .
Another flashlight you would argue with there is an open receptor .
<unk> the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , but the receiver sees in its bombsight an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race .
It 's coming up , it catches the ball , run and puts together .
The audience gets crazy and fans have followed it from each angle .
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the party .
I 'm going to make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think that we can use augmented reality to encourage empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally being in the other person 's place .
Now , we know what this technology is worth for sports .
It generates billions of revenue a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how bad their actions are from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay person in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how are you living being pursued ?
How much is it worth an Hadfield <unk> or an Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of kids to think more about space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , the augmented reality is about .
The questions we make , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , as always , of us .
Thank you .
He recently retired to me after 23 years of service in the <unk> <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years , I spent the country on the South Side of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known globally by its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was opened in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , a chief head engineer to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is practically proof of suicide .
The suicide from the bridge is not practical and unlikely . ''
But from its openness , more of 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some people think that traveling between the two towers will lead to another dimension , and this bridge has been idealized as such , so that the decline from it is released from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go below <unk> your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used for suicide .
After one every <unk> of four to five seconds , body strikes water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down the bones , some of which blobs of vital organs .
Most people die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , usually in the water , helpless and then drown .
I do n't think that the fact that this method of suicide will realize is the killer of death to be facing .
This is the cable .
Except around the two towers , there 's 32 inches of parallel steel and parallel .
Here 's where most people are in order to take their life out .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in its darkest time , it 's very hard to bring you back .
I took this picture last year while this young woman talked to a mate looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy we had success that day to bring it back over the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a bad service for those who had suicide , but the officers too .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train to the new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on the July 22 of last year when I receive a call of one possible suicidal subject sitting in the marathon near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason talking to a official of the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old , and he 'd flown here from New Jersey .
In fact , I 'd flown up here twice before from New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , I wondered if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and sent to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could get Pandora , and she opened the box .
Of her , it was pests , sorrows , and all kinds of evils against the man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason said , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
He stopped a few <unk> , leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind of kind of intelligent , intelligent guy in New Jersey just had to take off life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the family 's rabbi , called me to see how I was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
<unk> damage affected by a lot of people .
I ask these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved suicide ?
What would you say ?
What to say ?
In my experience , we do n't just have to speak , but you have to listen .
Listening to understand .
Not <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the turning point that you need .
If you think that someone is suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask the question is , `` Other people in similar circumstances have thought about it , you 've had these thoughts ? ''
They <unk> the person in front of you can save the life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs to search : despair , believe that things are terrible and that they 're never going to get better ; they 're going to make them believe that there 's nothing you can do about it ; recent social isolation , and a lost interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I received an email from a lady and I 'd like to read your letter .
She lost his son on the 19 of January of this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with her permission and blessing that I read .
`` Hello , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience there .
I 'm thinking I should go up to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell your friends , etc .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't come home .
Mike was driving back to San Francisco to see the game of his 49 father on the 19 of January .
It never got there .
He called the police of <unk> and reported as the night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and reported that the <unk> of Mike was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who may be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before bad without suffering a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
The Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> .
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go the way his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I 'm talking about hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I replied to a radio call by one possible suicidal subject on the sidewalk near the north tower .
<unk> my bike on the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , cross the railing immediately , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the time and a half later , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided to notice that day will come back on that lane and give it to life another opportunity .
When Kevin went back , it was <unk> .
`` This is a new start , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was he going to go back and gave hope to hope and another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I 've heard .
They stopped me and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from Kevin 's mother , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to give you to you .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , '' nothing erase the March 11 events , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin keeps with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly assaulted .
She took me to Kevin when I was only six months old , completely unconscious of all of those traits , but , thanks to God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We give God for you .
<unk> in debt with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And in the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General San Francisco General , that night , you were <unk> as the patient .
`` Wow I had to solve it ! ''
Well , Kevin is a loving father and an active member of society .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and of their depression with hope that their history inspired to others .
The suicide is not just something that I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather committed suicide .
That act , despite the end of his own pain , stealing me the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide does .
For most people suicidal , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think of hurt somebody else .
They just want your own pain .
Usually , this is done by only three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've been saying , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls from suicide around the bridge .
Of those incidents that I 've been directly involved with , I 've just lost two , but those two are too .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who talked about about an hour .
Over that time , I kept my hand in three times .
At the end of it , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people that we get to contact with on that bridge is not killing themselves .
In addition , those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived , and that they can talk about it , that one and two percent , most of those people have said that the second one who leaves the railing they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that all and every one of us must be addressed to do .
The suicide can be prevented .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your interior , you know what you are , and a question asks you , how do you become that ?
I should be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , no way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I was finally made the dream I had ever had since a child .
My outside finally matched my inner truth with my inner self .
And so , for complicated reasons , I 'm going to go over later , when I look at this picture , I think , you know , you did it <unk> , you got it .
But last October , I discovered I 'm just starting .
We all get into our families , our religion , our society , our time in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin color or the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who always challenge the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
I was recorded as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I was always wearing this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do you always take that shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to fix it .
The gender has always been considered an unchanging , but we now know that it 's more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I never would tell myself to share my story , not because I thought I 'm going to be what I 'm wrong , but why the world comes to those of us who want to break out .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I 've got mom , Dad and a family who accepts me as I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates gender of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I 'd like to be .
And when I was 15 , when I was a man wearing a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the director of a transgender beauty pageant .
That night , she asked me , `` Why have n't you ever been involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if you were to <unk> her over the overhead and the costumes , and that night , I won a bathroom suit , I won in a game suit , and there was third finalist between over 40 candidate .
That time changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty .
Not many people can say that their first work was the queen of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of <unk> , especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But most importantly , I met my best friends of that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that they passed my request of the green card that could go live to the U.S .
I was resisted .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , I called me and said , `` You know , if you read the U.S. , you can change your name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me to put two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I had surgery in Thailand to age 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand do n't do the most advanced , sophisticated surgeries .
At that time in the U.S. , it was necessary to do surgery before the name and the gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driver 's license with the name of <unk> and `` F , '' of female gender .
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears looked like .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and be a model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think of this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York City who bravely lived his truth , but that , <unk> , he ended up his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All the 20 in November , we do a global vigil for the <unk> Day .
I 'm on this stage , thanks to a long history of people who were <unk> and stood up to injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living in my truth , just for me .
I want to do the best thing to help others live their truth without shame , fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that one day there 's no longer <unk> 20 .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
You will do it ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You 'll see , first , thank you all .
My support network , my parents , especially , to my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the times that I 've been to <unk> young women , who I 've been calling , and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents could n't accept it . I took my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just a gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes that assignment is not a block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to go to <unk> people , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many , patriarchal and tribal societies , the parents are usually known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who she meets her daughter and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started their campaign for education defending their rights in 2007 , and when their efforts had been destroyed in 2011 , the National Peace Prize for peace was made very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but I 'm now his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at human history , the story of women is the history of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when when they 're born a child , your birth is not celebrating .
It 's not so welcome , not by his father , not by his mother .
The neighborhood comes , he gives his <unk> to the mother and nobody gets to the father .
And a mother gets long by having a girl .
When you give birth to the first child , the first child , it gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second child , it was <unk> , and , with the hope of a son , when he shines his third daughter , it feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter 's newborn , when he grows , it 's also suffering .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , you get home and school admits of his brothers .
At the age of 12 , somehow , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with your friends on the street , and it can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when it comes to 13 years , he 's being suspected of his house without a male driver .
It 's confined to the four walls of his house .
It 's not a free person .
It becomes called the honor of his father and his brothers and his family , and if you give me the code of that of course honor , it could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this assumption of honor , not only affects the life of a girl , also affects the life of the male male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and the happiness of his sisters on behalf of honor of course .
And there 's a norm more of the patriarchal societies that is called compliance .
You 're supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criterion .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and to accept their father 's decisions and their mother and decisions of the elderly , even if you do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or marry an old man , he has to embrace it , because it does n't want to be seen by <unk> .
If you get a very young marry , you have to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens to the end ?
In words of a poet : `` The marry , the <unk> , and then give birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson of obedience to his daughter and the same lesson of honor for her children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when I was born , I do n't like newborns , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like her , but when I was there and looked at her eyes , believe me , I felt extremely honored .
And much before I was born , I thought of her name , and I was fascinated with a feisty a legendary freedom of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> of <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I got a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when I was four and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half years old .
You might ask , why should I mention a child 's admission in a school ?
Yeah , I have to mention that .
You can give it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in the tribal societies , it 's a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> in a school means his identity recognition and his name .
One admission to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when I was looking at the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative to the family , I could n't remember the names of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my writing written in any document .
That was the reason that I value my daughter .
What my father could n't give my daughters and his daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
And I was going to get it to sit with me when my friends came to see me .
The encouraged to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to put them on their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to get it .
I 've run all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used education for the emancipation of the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of obedience .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , fought for more rights for women , and we were fighting to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a whole denial of the participation of women in all political and economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
Girls are banned to school .
Women were forced to use me and they stopped going to markets .
Musicians were silenced , <unk> girls and killed .
It was <unk> , but a few people talked about , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and kill when you talk about their rights .
It 's really scary .
At the age of 10 , she got up and got up on the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , he offered her himself for the New York Times documentaries , and I spoke on every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's like a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason why the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign and nine in October 2012 , he was shot in the head .
It was a day for my family and me .
The world became a great black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered to her ear to my wife , `` Do I blame for what happened to my daughter , to your daughter ? ''
And <unk> said to me , `` Please do n't get away .
It 's a fair cause .
You know , <unk> your life in play because of the cause of peace , and because of the education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
They were both on the right path and God protecting them . ''
These little words were a lot to me , and I did n't go back to ask myself again .
When I was in the hospital , and he had severe pains and strong headaches , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that broke out of my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm fine with my smile , and with my face .
I 'll be good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we 're getting rid of .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the harder moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any 16 girl .
He cries when he does n't run .
He 's fighting with his brothers , and I 'm very excited about that .
People ask me , `` What is special about my mentoring that has done so bold and brave and <unk> ? ''
I 'm not wondering what I did .
<unk> what I did n't do .
I did n't cut off its wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain 18 years ago , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the <unk> group , where I 've had a <unk> in my office -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm talking about today about the science of the brain , I did before join Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there is a stigma when you 're getting rid of a brain operation .
Do you still be like smart or not ?
That 's not going to be , you can be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead portion of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , over a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , over the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and chemical mixing , and try to get to , to keep on life .
I 've been saved by a little bit .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided I would experience it to try to get the doses of <unk> , because there 's really no clear map to say it in <unk> .
I started trying to mix them together , and I was amazed by looking at how small changes in the dose would dramatically change my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my sense of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried doses and different chemicals for a <unk> man , and I was surprised to see how I changed my thoughts .
I was always angry , I was thinking all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person in the world , and -- of course , many times in the past , I 've known many kinds of guys , or maybe some versions of it .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , so insecure , to fix a problem that I had in front of it , and it just did n't happen that way .
So I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation for men and what they have to go through . I 've got better with men .
What I tried to do is , when we adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , it was reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thought , my flow of ideas .
I 'm afraid to think about most of the images , and that became my key point : how with those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to do new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
It was like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes see things like this .
They thought that the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Now , there are people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works . For me it 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to the thought of <unk> and inventive thinking .
So after several years , I 'll find the point right , and I have already lots of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , rather sophisticated , <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how to get very quickly these mental images , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a director of cinema could be able to use your imagination only to run the world in front of it ?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , as the way people creative people can share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty of doing this is simply to increase our resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments that we 've done by two groups leading in neuroscience .
Both of them used MRI and functional magnetic resonance imaging , to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan made by <unk> <unk> and his colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person that looks at an image .
The column in the middle shows the scanning of the brain that the same individual was imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right was created by <unk> the contents of the central column , and you see that the difference is nearly .
This is repeated by many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between looking at an image and imagine seeing that same picture .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from the lab from Jack <unk> at Berkeley , California .
They managed to convert brain waves in different visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , while they were being used by their brains to create a huge pool of brain reactions to video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as much as a new scan will .
The computer , using only brain information , scanning it to show what seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right , you can see the search of the computer , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This blew us up .
We 're very close to that .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , it 's created in the brain the same mapping .
This was done with the <unk> brain scanning systems today , and its resolution has increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase resolution sometimes to get a deeper look .
How do we do that ?
There 's a lot of techniques to do it .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I 'm not giving myself for that .
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques by images , including me , with the recent outcome of MRI , first to ask ourselves , is this technology going to be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get bigger resolution is to be larger magnets , but at this point , single magnets will only offer small improvements in resolution , not raises by thousands , as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of bigger magnets , make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets , right ?
However , most recent breakthroughs in <unk> and brilliant and brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and receivers of FM radio stations in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform field , we use structured magnetic patterns to the frequencies of FM radio .
So when we combine magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing , we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
Also , we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the blood fluid , but the <unk> hormones that I mentioned , and perhaps even neural neural activity , this is sleep .
We 're going to be able to push our ideas directly into a direct way to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be capable of ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of the human thinking of human thinking ?
You thought the Internet is big .
These are big questions .
It would be compelling used as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to Alzheimer 's and similar diseases .
We 've got a few choices to open this door .
Or anyway , choose a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it 'll take much more .
We need to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have differential .
Her closet is maybe to tell some person for the first time that you love or tell somebody who 's pregnant , or tell somebody who has cancer , or any other hard conversation that you have gone through in life .
All closet is a difficult conversation , and although our topics can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived , and having come out of that closet is a universal thing .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I worked in the South Side <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , and I had to go through various stages of the <unk> <unk> : I do n't <unk> my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'm going to be slope that by the <unk> of my pants short , and I would get my head back to him recently , I would ask myself a little kid , `` Hey , are you boy or girl ? ''
And there would be a uncomfortable silence at the table .
<unk> my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a leave of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I 'm going to throw it up .
And I came to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time I would say something .
It would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was ready and I was about to get in the female affairs in the table . He had the quotes of Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem .
Even an excerpt from the `` Vagina Monologues '' which showed .
And so I took a deep breath , and I got my look , and my back a <unk> girl with a pink dress , looking at me what 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a girl with a question , `` Are you boy or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath back , and I got a lot of a lot about it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something confusing .
I have the short hair like the guy , and I saw a kid 's clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as well as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
All right , I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me , paying attention , and said , `` My favorite pajama is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . Just `` Oh , when you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation ever ever had .
And why ? Because the girl in the <unk> and I , we were honest with each other .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinet in my life , and yes , often my walls used to be a rainbow .
But inside , in the dark , you ca n't know what color is .
You just know how you feel living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'm going to give you a hundred reasons why to go out of my closet , it was harder than coming out of his , but this is the issue : hard is not relative .
It 's hard .
Who can tell me to explain to somebody who have declared them in banking banking is harder than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I 'm telling is harder than telling your son of five years that you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult , there 's only the hard thing .
We have to stop classifying what 's hard to make us hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet , and we have only to feel empathy because we all live something hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live in playground , and they may be able to feel security , or at least more security than the other side of the door does .
But I 'm here to tell you . It does n't matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I was a horse tail , a dress and a high heel shoes .
He was not militant lesbian for fighting any child in four years than would fit into coffee .
I was frozen because of fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , my gay grenade <unk> my gay grenade , and the move only a muscle is the most terrifying ever ever done .
My family , my friends , complete strangers that I spent my whole life trying to be disappointed , and now the world would turn to purpose .
He was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed by so long , but if you do n't throw that grenade , you will kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that he was gay , and when I was doing my wife of honor , in my black dress and heels , I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents ' friends were , people who were known to me .
And after talking a moment , one of the women screamed , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of gay storytelling had begun .
`` <unk> , are you ever in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it is fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , you know my <unk> Antonio ? ''
It 's very good , and he 's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace and Grace .
And you know who love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , who 's waiting to show her support , to get me to know that I was on my side , finally said abruptly , `` Well , sometimes my husband 's wearing pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , as you have all the grenades launch .
Surely , it could have been easy to indicate where you felt <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for somebody , but strive ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
That 's how hard conversations are still my strong point .
Ask anybody that I 've got out .
But I 'm getting better , and I keep what I like to call the three principles of the Girl of the <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it means to go out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
Be the armor . Be you .
That girl in coffee had no armor but I was ready for battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others need to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be a direct Sean . You just pick it up .
If you know , they 're gay , <unk> .
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay , they will maintain hope that that could change .
Do n't give them a sense of hope .
And number three , and more importantly -- let 's find the complex .
You communicate their truth .
It will never be surprised by that .
And some of you can get safe hurt , let me get rid of what they 've done , but I 'm never sorry for what they are .
And yeah , maybe some of you feel disappointed , but that 's something in them .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So next time you find it in a dark closet , you would have to know that we 've all been there before .
And you may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the night .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen , an productive example has been the famous quote from <unk> <unk> that `` The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this , he did it as a critique of computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so , a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying the underlying physical mechanisms .
Let 's take a step back .
First , let 's start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they are an alien race , who do n't know about the biology of Earth and neuroscience of Earth or intelligence on Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , as Earthlings , we know that the reason is that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race who does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept about the intelligence of the Earth , you would see that they would have to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to a certain time in time , the asteroids that are going to get the surface of a planet mysteriously stopped doing it
And that 's why I claim that this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I was doing several years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , across various disciplines , which pointed , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be precisely calibrated to the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that we 're going to define the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in robotic motion planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action with the end of doing complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different issues and <unk> them together , I asked , I asked , for several years , is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of an E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future freedom of action , or keeping the choices open , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yes , to an impending future , defined .
In a nutshell , the intelligence does n't like to stay trapped .
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the choices open .
And so , having to notice this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How close is it ?
Do you hear the level of human intelligence ?
Did artificial intelligence happen ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connection , <unk> between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship ?
What happens if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy , but actually arises from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy , in any system in which you find it inside .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple tests of animal intelligence , play games of human intelligence , and even earn money by using actions , all of it without the right thing to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a body of foot without falling over , here we see <unk> balancing automatically a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave it a goal .
They just decided for her account to balance the pole .
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This ability for tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposite edges of a rope at the same time to release food , here we see that <unk> can do a version of that task .
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable to a variety of domains .
For example , here we see that we have successfully playing a game changer against itself , let its potential for play .
So here we 're looking at <unk> Cuba new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly standing and keeps the network well connected .
This same <unk> capacity of network also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully , using the Panama Canal to expand the global level from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable to problems in defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see <unk> spontaneously discovered and perform a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated series of stock of actions , successfully increasing assets under their exponentially management .
This risk of risk management will have huge applications in finance and insurance .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derive from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
So let 's go back to the beginning of the term of the term , robot , `` <unk> , '' and there was always the concept that if you were smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
The machines were lifted up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become intelligent and then <unk> and try to take over the world .
It 's the opposite , that the urge to take control of all future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that general intelligence can actually emerge from taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important implication is the pursuit of the goal .
They often ask me : How do you look for targets to get out of this kind of framework ?
My equivalent of that statement to the descendants of helping them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence should be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize future freedom of action and avoid restrictions on their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and losing the planet we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've extended our knowledge of how it fits into the context of the universe .
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars , which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a light telescope that measures the faint light intensity of stars , when the planets go ahead and block a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets in addition to the distance that there 's between them and their mother star .
In fact , this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and <unk> as the Earth 's planets , and also the amount of light they get from their suns .
This gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure of potential worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
Last year , 2014 , it was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia , now are now disappearing over decades .
These environmental changes that we 've caused on a global scale , they will rapidly increase our ability to alter their course .
But I 'm not a weather scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the Goldilocks of the planet influenced by stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You might say , I look for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone really interested in finding life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look for planets like the Earth , the more I enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and even though it 's a little bit further from the sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world shown this for a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> like `` Curiosity '' tracking its surface to search for the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and trying to understand how Mars has been able to lose its Goldilocks .
Local companies now offer not just short space flights , but also the tantalizing possibility of living on Mars .
But even though all of these images , we remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked to our imagination with <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that we still have to colonize , places we have really <unk> to compare to Mars .
Even in the dry and tallest places of the Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen that we 're hanging out by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets to drag it with a great and sad shadow : the implication and the belief that some of us would expect to be waiting for us to save the only planet 's one that we know that it 's really livable , the Earth .
So , I want to like the exploration of <unk> exploration , I 'm in deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to replace humanity is like to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will be told that the real party is going to have place later on your life life . Thank you .
But the goals for climate exploration and land preservation are not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world look like alien aliens .
They 're just closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain these habitable spaces , in the hostile and flat areas of the land , maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a mental experiment , the Fermi paradox .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi Enrico Fermi asked : having realized that our universe has existed for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life so far .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become advanced enough , technologically enough to consider living among stars , they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that we 're developing this development .
It 's arrogant to think that only we would only have to be saving ourselves , but planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to apply to the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the Goldilocks 's even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'll get my own house .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that they were at the dining table , where he had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all very closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go home from Jeff 's friend to spend night because he had an early flight to Europe the next morning , and my suitcase and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but it 's sure that not more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , you 'd just stopped .
I 'm a neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how your brain works under stress .
It includes your heart rate increases , let 's remove the levels of adrenaline and <unk> the thinking .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that could put in its place , to avoid that bad things happen .
Or , at least , if bad things happen , that you will provide the probability that it is a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later my thoughts did n't get it .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , and a little embarrassed was told that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a retrospective retrospective .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years before , known as the <unk> .
Everybody knows what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains , you 're going to go ahead and try to figure out all the things that you might go wrong , and then he tries to figure out what it can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious ones .
In the house , you 'll be able to get a place for things that are lost easily .
This sounds of common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science supporting this thesis on how our space memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to keep tracking the location of the important things , where it 's the good , where the fish are located , which sort of <unk> trees , where the tribes live and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was <unk> in the London <unk> .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment , they cut the <unk> sense of squirrels , and still they could find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason to lose keys , glasses of reading and passports .
So at home , it 's a place for the keys , a hook to the door , maybe a decorative plate .
For his passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading glasses , one in particular .
If you put a place and they 're <unk> with it , your things will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take the cellular card a photo of your credit card , driving license , passport , <unk> by email themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal , this can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , the brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic , and we 're going to take it out .
So part of <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we wo n't be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we 're all going to be in that situation , and we have to make a very important decision about the future of our health care , or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all decision-making , and in fact for the financial decision-making and social decisions , any kind of decision that you have to take out of the fact that a rational assessment of facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've received the result of the lab and your cholesterol is a bit tall . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that you have high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard of the commons , and you know that it 's one of the most prescribed medications in the world today , even you are likely to know people who take them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yes , <unk> the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you should do then , a statistic that you have to ask for the most doctors do n't want to talk , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or to disclose surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person .
And you have to think about what kind of statistic <unk> is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor would n't get me to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's somebody 's fault , it 's scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well .
But the estimates of <unk> that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number you need to treat the most widely prescribed <unk> , what do you think is ?
How many people have to take it for it before they help a person ?
300 .
This according to the research on the <unk> researchers and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I just explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before you avoid a single heart attack , stroke or another adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one chance in 300 of your cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a statistic more , and it 's , `` Tell the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating , muscle pain and articulate pain , but now they think , `` Five percent is not so likely to go to me , still take the medicine . ''
But a moment .
You remember that under stress do n't think of it .
So , think about how we 're going to do this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped them , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug to help the drug .
I 'm not saying they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires it , it 's part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to initiate the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
You 're probably thinking that I 've launched this number in the air value of the crash , but actually this one needs to treat it is quite typical .
For the surgery that 's more done in the older men of 50 , prostate cancer cancer , the number you have to treat is 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries by a person who has helped .
And the side effects of that case are produced in 50 percent of the patients .
Those include helplessness or dysfunction , urinary incontinence , gossip to contraception , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects just took a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think about time before the questions that you might argue that we 're going to make the conversation forward .
You do n't have why you do this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain in the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can change their minds at the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thought .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at the time is that they turn off a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face with a predator face with a predator , you do n't have to have the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if the body is spending metabolism in those things , it does n't react quickly , they could get the lions of lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that go through the window during those moments of stress is rational thinking , like Danny <unk> and their colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all rejects .
We 're all going to fail occasionally .
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failures , to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things happen in the first place .
<unk> the night of snow in Montreal , when I returned from my journey , my contractor settled on a combination of combination with the door , with a key to the gate door , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I have n't ordered , and lots of messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means playing softly .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a `` <unk> '' in the score , you need to play more softly .
Two <unk> ' , even more soft .
Four . ' <unk> <unk> .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there you see it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may have , you never had a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American American system , <unk> , besides a little bit of my own story .
The French sign language came over the decade of 1800 , and over time , they mixed with local signs , and they developed the language that we know today as <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf . And I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
But now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
Sounds are a very important part of my life , really , in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a sound world , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , customs , behaviors and norms without <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
And I 'm learning and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example .
`` Do n't kick the door ! ''
`` Do n't do much noise by eating the potato chips ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure you do n't scratch the covered in the plate . ''
I call it `` sound tag . ''
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does it .
I 'm so excited about sounds .
And I 'm always waiting for the sound of how the sound is coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , by going .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see that the <unk> has no notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and spots .
In the deaf culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , to do that with my thumb , it does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings I only have four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that time , the sound was the trend , and that 's what I got to me about .
There was no visual art , everything was sound .
Now the sound has entered my territory of art .
Am I going to protect me more from art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that it 's not just experienced through your ears .
I can feel it anonymously , or experience visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything that had been taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it to go .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented to the artistic community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention that I got .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was something about a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that it could be <unk> to me and my artistic work , or I could empower it .
I chose that I was going to tell you .
There 's a massive culture about spoken language .
And only because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , the eyes of society is like if I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me as well and become my voice .
So I 'm able to be relevant to the current society .
So in school , in the work and the institutions , I work with many different performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for <unk> his voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value , like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I 'm not going to continue with this practice , I feel that it could be <unk> in oblivion and not having any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the music world .
And I was surprised to see the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note ca n't capture and express on paper .
And the same thing can be said from a concept in <unk> .
The two are very <unk> and highly <unk> what it means that subtle changes can affect all of the signals as much as the sounds of the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor metaphor , so they understand better how it works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> divides in many different parameters .
If you put a different parameter for each finger while the piano touches the piano , as the facial expression , the speed of the body , the speed , the form of hand and so , as the piano touches the piano , the English is linear language , as if it 's just just a key to it .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a very clear concept or an idea .
If only one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens with music in terms of pitch and timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the signal `` <unk> itself . ''
This is the <unk> signal .
I 'm seeing you .
Be standing .
Oh , I 'm afraid .
Ooh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , just !
So I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign , and I would plug it over and again , it might be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the `` Day '' sign , the sun comes out and you put it .
This is all day .
If you get it up and slow down the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same thing can say , `` overnight . ''
All night .
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` Last night , '' `` overnight . ''
I feel that the third is more than the other two .
This represents how time expressed it , and how the distance to the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's one hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present one gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So the first example is `` long ago . ''
Then , `` overlooked '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic and a very romantic idea at once , `` Once there was once . ''
`` Time Time '' is a musical term with a specific rhythm rate of four times .
However , when I look at the word `` common time , '' I think automatically , I think automatically .
Watch <unk> : right hand , E : left hand .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
[ Face : <unk> , voluntary limb ] [ On the chest : E : E , '' big limb , I 'm going to show you a form of the hand called `` valid . ''
Can you do it with me ?
All of the hands in high .
Now we 're going to do that both in the head as the chest , something like `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` <unk> '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and the signs of signs around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me .
And now .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in the <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' and `` enlightenment . ''
Good job .
So look at how three signs are very similar . They all happen in your head and your chest , but transmit very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
Yet today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And only because the <unk> does n't have sounds , automatically does n't have social value .
We have to start questioning what social value defines , and allow the <unk> to grow its own value , no sounds .
And this could be a step to make an inclusive society .
And maybe people will understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> .
<unk> is a treasure trove of treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents were telling me , `` You can get it all , but then you have to clean . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or a bubble of ignorance , I have to say , because adults were lied to protect us from the horrible truth .
As I became older , I found out that adults also apologize , and they 're not very good to clean up the other .
The time I spent , now I 'm an adult and teaching citizenship and invention of Hong Kong in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait for my students to walk through the beach <unk> with lots of trash .
So as a good citizens , we cleaned up the beaches , and no alcohol is , I did n't get it .
It 's sad to say , but over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's a scary thing .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these great ships and networks , to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and take this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's too expensive to use those huge boats .
So with my students , with ages six to 15 years , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this table of labor with <unk> <unk> so that the children are very eager to participate .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
And we collect the plastic and reduce the size we find it in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
We do .
I 'll leave it to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to figure out something that we hope to work .
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids get a lot out with the robots .
Then we quickly created what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast on the creation of prototypes that we end up before lunch .
And we can transform lamps and web cameras on accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic we have there , and this is the image captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic floating floating through the sensor while the computer on board processing this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a measure of how much plastic in the water .
I 'm making this invention step on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone will make it even more positive .
The cool thing in this project is that students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to get it right away .
I can explore my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids .
You see the news , they look at the Internet , and they 're going to get into this picture .
A child , perhaps less than 10 years old , cleaning up a oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest sea rainforest in Bangladesh .
They were shocked because this is the water that drink , it 's the water in which you bathe , the water where they live , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , mud and oil also are brown color , and when everything mixes , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a very first prototype of a spectrometer that can burning through all sorts of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
And we would get this prototype to a sensor , and we send it to Bangladesh .
The cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or analyzing a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children .
I can investigate a problem at a distance , I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French , and you may remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that started several giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed a number of cities on the coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people died in a second .
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fukushima , a nuclear central nuclear central to the water .
And today , according to the reports , an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the whole Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the West coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima elsewhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , of course , is safe , is blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back every year from the crash and research in an independent way with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take the kids .
Of course we did n't , the parents did n't let them .
But every night we reported the control center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take work seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with your entire life .
Together with them , we discussed the data that day , and we talked about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the rise map , we create pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and launch water to simulate the rain .
With this , we were able to notice that the radioactive dust breaks down from the top of the mountain to the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a <unk> estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear central to date .
We zoom in to a half miles of the nuclear central , and with the fishermen of fishermen , we were collecting sediments from the sea bed with a <unk> <unk> as we invented and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open-source technologies and very simple source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even begun trying to solve the problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things .
So the classroom became a small while , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to the social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of fibers , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and kids can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of children can actually become reality with adult aid , and where adults can be children again .
Students : <unk> ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked them things like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in mobility the elderly population transforming their standard wheelchair into new electric vehicles ?
The plastic , the oil and the <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , maker , <unk> , we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people , and so I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two cultures of radically opposite design .
One is made of thousands of steel pieces , the other one of a single silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
You know , you know about the environment , the other one creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other for it .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that fights for being free .
The <unk> was only by Michelangelo .
But the living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we took all the information required for each cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by encrypting manufacturing and mass production .
So the assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , including the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as <unk> from discreet parts with different functions .
But you do n't find any <unk> material in nature .
Think about the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skin skins are thicker with little pores .
You actually act as filter , the other mostly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no parts .
It 's a system that changes its functionality through variation of compliance .
Here 's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world , twice as much personality of every designer and an architect at work currently between the <unk> and the gene , between assembly and the organism , between assembly and growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right hemisphere and synthesis , it shows the two screens behind me .
My job , at its simplest level , is trying to bring these two visions of the world , leaving from assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why was n't this possible about 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a weird moment , where they are developing four disciplines that offer designers access to tools we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We designed objects , products , structures and tools through scale , large-scale , like this robotic arm with a reach of 24 meters in diameter with a <unk> base that one day not very far print whole buildings -- and graphics to the nanoscale made of genetically engineered fact that they shine into the darkness .
So here we have <unk> the globe , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every aperture is only about unique size to shape the form of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we 're exploring the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion fashion fashion parade , and it 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , and you 're flexible around the waist .
Together with collaborator , 3D printing collaborator , we print this layer and 3D skirt without seams between cells . I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a <unk> scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical , and the synthetic instruments , it allows you to design products that are embedded in not just the form of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the time , comfortable and also absorb sound .
The professor Carter , my collaborator Carter , back to nature to inspire , and by designing this irregular surface , it becomes <unk> .
We 've got this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in rigidity , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , changes its functionality by addition to another material 's addition , or another assembly , but continuously continuously and delicately that material ownership .
But is the ideal nature ?
Is n't there parts in nature ?
I did n't grew up in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them was left to define a lot about what I care about .
As she says , `` In the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches and leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land did grow trees with branches , cortex , <unk> and flowers .
The Earth created a world made out of parts .
I often ask , `` What would design be the design if objects came from one piece ?
Do you take a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree <unk> with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons per year produced by organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we can tune their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> , and we asked a lot of <unk> of shrimp , <unk> and produced <unk> .
We had the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to the light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it was built by a system with multiple <unk> streams .
The robot could vary the properties of the material over the march and create these structures made of a single three set , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it leaves it to dry to find a natural way to touch contact with air .
So why are we designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process used to contain microorganisms <unk> that first showed up on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the genetically designed bacteria in the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without mesh <unk> , and if it grew up even further .
A <unk> tree .
Working with an old material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : <unk> objects , put in the sea , <unk> the marine life ; put on the ground , will help grow a tree .
The adjustment for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for <unk> trips .
To do that , we need to master the bacteria and control its flow .
So as the periodic table , we did our own elements of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made of additive and <unk> .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , only instead of <unk> metals , new biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 've got our own 3D channels to control the flow of these crop bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , two microorganisms combined .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds .
And the second is E. coli , the bacteria that lived in the human intestine .
One becomes sugar , the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not for natural selection , but evolution by design .
To contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract , which will help the flow flow of these bacteria and to turn their function on .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , <unk> the properties of material according to the desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , we would have more transparent channels .
This portable digestive system , when it comes from one end to another , 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , as we 're supposed to be at TED , our first portable , bright spinach channels with life within clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're all past creatures , only half is made . ''
What if the design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that go in living matter ?
And if we could create personal <unk> that we 're putting our skin out of our skin , put your damaged tissue into your bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to come back to nature .
So now , you know that a 3D printer prints out material in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do that .
It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
Now , this cocoon of worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they were <unk> .
<unk> manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of two materials , but two of two protein at different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , putting those fibers together .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first turns on in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts to get a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , when we put the silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that they would take a flat , and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the structure of cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
It often translates to the silk worms to death within their cocoons , their silk gets rid of it and it 's used in the textile industry .
We saw that by designing these templates , we could shape raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
They 're <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process to the architectural scale .
We had a robot <unk> making silk templates , and we put ourselves into our site .
We knew that silk worms are going to <unk> to darker and darker areas , so we use a solar route to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributing the silk worms on the structure .
We were ready to get the caterpillars .
We 're asking four silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after we feed them four weeks , they were ready to get up with us .
We put them carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding , and as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and life starts again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
As biological silk fence on silk silk on <unk> silk , they give the entire integrity of this pavilion .
And in a little more than two or three weeks , we 've added silk worms knit half a mile .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
Now moths , after the <unk> , we produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
An <unk> silk through a robotic arm , the other filled with empty .
If the last frontier of design is to provide life to the products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , the designers have to unite these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which leads us from a design inspired by nature to an inspired nature of the design , which demands us , for the first time , that we make care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked them , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time ?
They can stick with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now , raise your hand if the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's caused by some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English and the kill and the art websites , and then I was playing the guitar on a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And in general , I like to test and persist anyway , for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But with time , this sense of boredom , this feeling of , is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then , I 'd be struck by something else , something totally different , and I 'm going to tell you about it , and I 'm going to get on it , and I 'm going to get `` Yes ! I 've found my own , '' and then again this point where I begin to <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , I deny all of my other passions , and let me go back to <unk> .
Another reason why I made so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad about me for nothing .
I was afraid to be afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or to <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to have asked myself .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned , they learned from the culture .
You ask , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
When we have about five years .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to make cute answers in kids like , `` To be an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to get the Halloween costume here .
This question is done again and again as we grow in different forms , <unk> , and high school students are asked to pick up in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise in front of what sleep is removed .
Why ?
If this question is inspired by kids to dream what they might be , it does n't inspire dreaming of everything that might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when somebody asks you what you want to be , you ca n't answer with 20 different things , even though adults are well-intentioned and say , `` Oh , what nice , but you ca n't be a <unk> and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs and he 's a wonderful <unk> and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , a magazine editor turned into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
Everything you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
<unk> notion is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of the fate or the real vocation , the idea that every one of us has something to do for their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and we will spend your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are lots of different issues that wake up your curiosity and many different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone like that frame .
And so you can feel alone .
You can feel that it does n't have a goal .
And I feel that there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong in you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for you to say .
It could help if you divide in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we 've experienced the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the time of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was <unk> in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
You know , any term you like , you know , you know , your own .
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or distress that you must beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths by being this way .
Here are three superpowers were born .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , visualizing data , trips and math , mathematics and design , to set up <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically <unk> jewelry .
And <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its eclectic mixing of skills and experiences .
Innovation is happening at intersections .
That 's what new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all of their backgrounds , can access a lot of these points at intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is fast learning .
When we put them together , we 're going to do that .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , and it was many times in the past , and this means that we 're less afraid to try new things and get out of our comfort zones .
Many skills are <unk> to other disciplines , and we bring all the things that we 've learned to every new zone that we 're looking for , so we rarely start zero .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and an independent writer .
As a girl , I refined an amazing ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before I turned into a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the black sales mechanics when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling launches for editors .
Rarely it is a loss of time to do what you 're attracted to , even if the end drops .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third <unk> superpower is adaptability : I mean , the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes the director of videos , other people , the web designer , sometimes a Kickstarter consultant , sometimes teacher , and sometimes apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of your clients .
<unk> Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that are individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the needs of the market , which we really thrive .
<unk> of ideas , very quickly learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept at , and three skills that could be lost if they 're stressed out to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in foster <unk> to make them themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they 're in your heart , specialists .
They come out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong in you either .
In fact , some of the best teams get a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice ideas , and the <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we 're going to relate to how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , in fact , we 're encouraging them to be encourages them to simply be more like their own specialized partners .
And once I said this , if there 's one thing that you take from this talk , I hope that it is , you know , <unk> with the internal wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then let 's take care of all the media .
That 's where you will give the best of themselves .
But in the room in the room , including those who have just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling you , `` Let 's take them with their many passions . ''
Keep your curiosity for those rabbit <unk> .
They were going down .
It takes us our inner wired into us with a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most important , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In 1901 year , a woman named <unk> had been brought to a mental institution .
<unk> <unk> and I could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help <unk> , but let me go through it until , unfortunately , he died in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did a autopsy , and they found strange plates and display it in the brain of <unk> , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most amazing thing .
If I had been alive today , we could n't give it to her more aid than the fact that she gave him several years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
From 1901 , medicine has been very advanced .
They 've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect ourselves of the infections , many treatments for HIV , will flourish for HIV and much more .
But it has been done in Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for over a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million worldwide .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million that , by the way , include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live up to 85 or more , the chance to get Alzheimer 's will be almost one of two .
In other words , there is the probability of passing their years to Alzheimer 's or helping care of a friend or being wanted to get Alzheimer 's .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent in Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and their costs need a rise of five times in 2050 , as we 're older as the generation of boomers .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the biggest medical challenges and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's done relatively little to fight him .
Today , one of the top 10 causes of death worldwide , Alzheimer 's is the only one that ca n't prevent , healing or even slow their development .
We understand less about Alzheimer 's than other diseases , because we 've invested less time and money on the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what little people know , but everybody should be : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last several years , all of the scientists , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's with aging .
We think that we will be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a photo of a healthy , a healthy brain compared to the patient 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to unleash a severe loss of memory and mental abilities , damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's significantly greater life expectancy and is always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates , and it rolls strange in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know much about this .
Today we know are made of protein molecules .
You can think of a molecule of protein as a piece of paper it folds as an origami .
There are places on paper that are rush .
And when it folds good , these <unk> dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some of those dots get outside .
This makes the molecules of protein <unk> each other , forming groups that can form large plates and display it .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's patients .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and the identification of what step block is complex , like defuse a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do nothing .
You can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that it block it , and then create a drug that will do it .
Until recently , in the most part , they have reduced the wires and waited for the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , a geneticist , chemistry , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new type of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our last results .
Nobody out of our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's look at a few videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see they move with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick between themselves , like humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But when we give our new drugs at a early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive result , but research as this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After several years of wait , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But for that hope , to overcome Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not scientists like me , it 's about you .
We must argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we tried it , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have followed more research and temporary pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move into HIV treatment at the late 1980s .
We see that same unit today to overcome cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones day and night , often too strongly to leave and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain is running the risk .
Today , there 's 40 million patients like <unk> , which can not create the change that they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column in January of this year .
To fall in love with somebody , do this .
The paper is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and of my own experience when I tested it myself a night last summer .
So the procedure is quite simple : Two strangers will come up to get 36 questions more personal and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions for example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with one quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time that you 'd come to another person ?
And just ?
It 's actually going to go through , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : -- I really like -- Tell your partner what he like about him or her -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've just met .
When I stumbled across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time to test this study , with somebody who I knew was not particularly very well , I did n't expect to wait for .
And yet , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the spinal Love column a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's now August , so I guess some of you probably ask : Do they go together still ?
And the reason I think this is going to challenge this is because they 've done this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the topic .
A week before the article was published , I was very nervous .
I had been working in a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been trained to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog input can come to a few hundred views as a lot , and those were usually only my friends on Facebook and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably have a few thousand views .
And that has got a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he gave , I had no idea .
The paper ran on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I had already called the Planet Today Today 's `` The Good <unk> America . ''
In one month , the article got over eight million hits , and I was , to say something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to encourage trust writing to sincerity about your own romantic experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of an international news has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or write , what they did every day for weeks , they were always doing the same question : Do they still go together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for my email with the phrase , `` They still go together ? ''
And several messages appeared immediately .
They were students and journalists and welcoming strangers like this .
I was interviewed on radio and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , `` Hey , where 's your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately put red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship to an international newspaper , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't prepared for the wingspan of the answer .
36 questions seemed to be <unk> life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's Day , which included the experiences of the readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all of this attention was to be very keen to my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both made a public emergence together .
<unk> TV interviews , and he refused to take pictures of us two .
I think I was afraid to become the <unk> icons of the <unk> process , a range of for which I did n't feel at all skilled qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : I mean , if it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , love <unk> .
But this was a question that I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship had just a few months old , and I felt , especially , people made the wrong question .
How do we go , if we would follow together or not , and also tell you ?
If the answer was n't , do the experience of doing these 36 questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron first wrote about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for valuing interpersonal students between university students , using what Aron called <unk> sustained , progressive and reciprocal .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants felt closer to doing it , and a number of studies later , they used the <unk> <unk> protocol of Aron as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between members of the police and community , and they 've used it between people of different political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately he never was published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to me , and she said to me , `` I tested the study , and I did n't work . ''
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I mean , you want to say , `` Do you want to take your person from who you did ? ''
Well , he paused .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And I said , `` But get better friends ? ''
Did you feel that they did get better after testing the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked , I said .
Yet I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really hard separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was mostly my adult life , and he was my first adult love , and I had no idea how or I could live without him .
So I turned to science .
And I did research all I could find about the science of romantic love , and I was hoping that that could actually fit the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just did research for the book that I was writing , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I built up with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad and I used to feel like that .
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I look for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably demanding me .
What I look for love is a guarantee , not just to be loved today and loved tomorrow , but to keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to make something like implicit risk to implicit , and this is a very attractive story , because in love makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The story 's version of the story that asks , still together ?
And your content with an answer of Yes or not .
So more than a question , I would propose that we do harder questions , questions like , how do you decide who your love deserves and who is n't ?
How do you stay in love with when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and ?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with the doubt of your partner ?
I do n't know necessarily the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody .
So if you want the short version of the story of my relationship , it 's this ; it 's a year ago , a known one and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , in love , we still continue , and I 'm very happy .
But in love is not the same as to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote : The love did n't happen .
<unk> in love because we take the choice to be .
And I shudder a little bit about reading it now , not because it 's true , but because at the time , I had no idea what that election was supposed to do .
And I did n't consider how many times we have to make that decision , and how much times I 'll have to keep doing that choice without knowing whether he always chose me or not .
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions , having chosen to love somebody as generous , kind and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in America .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I look for , and what maybe I 'm going to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the very happy ending to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I did n't actually write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone , and the hope that he also love me , and it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by some lesbian in the mountain , and in some ways I came like a <unk> of the forest .
New York City does a time ago , which really affected me but more details later .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and I took a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some weird humanoids or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and <unk> how our species <unk> ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's got grace , because here I am , 30 years later , I 'm still doing boxes .
At a time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out of a field and surf and all those weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took all the pages and I took a kind of <unk> <unk> , and I did a kind of <unk> <unk> , the covered in resin and a bee stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking I could make it .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed like it increased size , as if it was that you would take the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started to add electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out the street , all I could find , because I was looking for things my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow out of <unk> , and I can draw the same thing around a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects and I created my own taxonomy of specimens invented .
First , the botanical ones that you 'll be able to get an idea .
Then I made some insects and strangers .
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was earning some money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner , for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point , I was interested in the human form , the <unk> sculptures of human beings in the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to the drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work <unk> with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the word `` triptych '' , '' I was inspired by a great measure in `` The garden 's delight , '' which is a painting in the <unk> Museum in Spain .
You know about it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of your time .
Okay , `` triptych . '' <unk> this piece .
It weighs 11,000 kilos .
5.5 feet long .
It 's double face , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and the lobsters .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with heads travel travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , to this analog of analog mesh where they hide .
Here 's where creatures with heads go to the beacon and lists to commit suicide en masse .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea -- the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of Osama bin Laden -- the refuge of Osama bin Laden , there are all sorts of weird things that you can find if you look very good in the ocean .
But also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in one hand while the other hand comes out clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it seems a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it looks like `` triptych . ''
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand where it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , it has a nose peak , like a bird peak , and spits out clouds of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail , a snake tail that joins the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , their tail turns to the <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that go on , you know .
Their tail ends up in a <unk> balloon , made of terrorist cards , 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
In the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards from terrorists .
It brings me to my last time .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a <unk> project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is a archive of our culture , through media and material be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one is acting as a kind of a archive in a form of human , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the same time .
They 're like cells , they come together .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking me .
Each one is basically a microscope <unk> that weighs 1.3 kilos with a trapped inside .
This has a little cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can <unk> the entry .
I 'm going to show you the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and that covers the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher on these works because I ca n't afford for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between two .
There 's a few pills coming into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Lance <unk> .
Within this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a painter , a writer , a writer , a writer , a school , a school , a school arm that spreads all the content that we do in the world , and a garden .
We put the box together and all the people in it hit each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way we change the world .
When you redefines who is and the box in which it 's living .
And together we 've got to realize that we are all together in this , that this illusion that we 're different , these concepts of the countries , the boundaries of religion , it does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same stuff , and in the same box .
And if we do n't start trading those things with sweetness , they 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when it hurts your head ?
They take aspirin .
But so that this pill has an effect on the pain , first of the stomach , the bowels and other organs .
It 's going to take a pill is the most effective and <unk> system for any drug that 's made in the body .
The downside , however , is that when you do any drug , any drug .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take drugs , these serve them to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and you will increase the cells ' head count .
But they are also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in time that takes them to get to your blood support , and worse , and worse for the time that takes it to their destination , which is where it 's more important : in HIV warehouse .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't easily come into the bloodstream of patients who are <unk> on regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the disruption of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect cells out there .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that it is a treatment of life run through oral heads .
One day , I sat down and thought , `` Could we do the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus , without the risk of dilution of the drugs ? ''
As a scientist in lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for treating wounds and diabetes surgery , they can be used for anything imaginable , including transport transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're already using pulses of laser to open or drill extremely small holes , which open and close almost immediately the cells that are infected with HIV to bring drugs .
The best people say , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little bit of laser beam on the cellular membrane infected with HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug at microseconds .
Before you even figure out , the hole is <unk> immediately .
We 're testing this technology in vitro , or in Petri dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 're going to make an incision at the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is going to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , releases it directly into the infection site , while the laser is used again to keep open cells .
Well , this does n't look very much .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of every researcher of HIV -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying state armed groups : arms organizations as terrorists , insurgents or militia .
They 're going to get what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to better understand these agents of violence in violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do fieldwork , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost all of conflict in course , because war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
It 's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors .
For example , from <unk> peace agreements between 1975 and 2011 , <unk> had signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
That 's why we have to understand these groups , we even have to engage them or engage in any resolution of successful conflict resolution .
But how do you do that ?
We need to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they struggle , how they do it , but nobody sees what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and politics are not connected .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for its pit against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military system .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known for his suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
That 's multitasking .
We had a complex communication machinery : radio stations , TV channels , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here 's ISIS magazine , printed English and published to recruit .
armed groups will also invest in a complex fundraising fundraising fund , but through cost-effective businesses , for example , building companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
armed groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they put professional training programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
armed groups are also trying to conquer the population to deliver something that the state does n't give : security and protection .
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn by war or even the beginning of the rise of ISIS , can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated price price of the population .
But in general , providing social services means filling a vacuum , a <unk> gap by the government , and allow these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , victory electoral accounts can not be understood without recognizing the social labor of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at the armed groups , just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They are grown up because they fill in the stem of the government , and they emerge as a armed and political groups , participate in violent struggle and governance .
And the more complex and more complex and these organizations are these organizations , less we can think of it as opposed to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
It 's a part of a territory , running all their functions , collect the trash , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
And the lines were <unk> .
We live in a world of states , without state and hybrid nations , and the weaker are the states , like the Middle East , more come in and fill that gap by non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more on not military tools .
It 's <unk> out of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important also to set up peace .
If we understand our armed groups , we 'll understand better than to offer the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but not giving us peace and stability .
To get these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that gap of security , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist .
My views on gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the label of `` feminist '' would be unfair for feminist beings .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore I 'm going to give myself a bad feminist .
Or at least I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist , '' and then in the interviews , people started calling me the <unk> <unk> .
So , what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and the 20 years , I had strange ideas about feminist , these women who are pregnant with men and hated sex , as if that was wrong .
Today , I see how women treat women around the world and anger , in particular , it looks like a perfectly reasonable response .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I thought it could be feminist .
It 's being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a kind of taboo and disgusting word .
I was like a woman who does n't follow the rules too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's equal or higher to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until you realize that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I was growing up , I started accepting I am , in fact , feminist , and also proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They were getting the same wages for the same job .
We have a right to travel around the world as <unk> , harassment or violence .
We have right to use it easy and accessible to contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to have in account our other identities .
We are not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We have to have on account these differences and how they affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I lead to work , I hear rap music to do .
Although the letter degrades the women and offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' of Middle Yang yin is amazing .
`` Do you actually get your wet shirt .
<unk> , give you , <unk> until the shell hurts . ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified my musical taste .
I believe in the work of man , which is everything I do n't want to do , including -- all the domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the lawn care and nest maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the beautiful things .
I can see `` The <unk> , '' and the romantic cartoons , and I have <unk> fantasies of the fairy tales that they 're actually doing .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt his husband 's name , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise your children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
I was going to take conventional feminism that has been ignored or timed historically the needs of the women of color , the workers and gay and transgender women , to white and heterosexual women , middle and high .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
It also happens : As a feminist , I feel much pressure .
We 've got this tendency to put anyway wearing feminist leading on a pedestal .
We hope that you 're going to stay seamlessly .
When we <unk> , we take them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I think I 'm getting rid of that pedestal before you try to wear it .
So many women , particularly innovative and leaders of the sector , are afraid to be tagged like feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' because of the fear of what that tag means , by fear of not being able to fulfill the unrealistic expectations .
Take an example to <unk> , or as I call it , AIDS .
In the last few years , it 's a feminist declared .
On the <unk> Music <unk> called 2014 , on MTV , played in front of the word `` feminist '' by three meters tall .
It was a wonderful show , looking at this star of pop taking straight to feminism and to know women and young men that being feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , the cultural critics started endless arguments whether it was or not exactly feminist .
I was feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
Wish perfection of feminist 's perfection , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we need so hard .
We 're going to go much beyond sensible criticism and constructive , to stuffed the feminism of any woman , tear up until it 's not left .
We do n't need to do that .
The bad feminism , or more well , an more inclusive feminism is a starting point .
But what happens next ?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to give up the action and be a little more brave .
If I hear music degrading , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we get the change affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does their music have to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years .
These are two great , determined and brilliant girls , and also very brave . I want you to grow up in a world .
It 's where they 're really interested in strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best choice looks like something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sport , and they would give the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio tube when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the movies in another part when movies treat women rather than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting the professional sports where athletes treat their classmates like boxing sacks .
In any case , the men , especially white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to post in your magazine , participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't reach enough number of women , so much to participate like making decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until their publication , or their organization is more inclusive with a broader range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also afford to be even more like us to be welcome to overcome the barriers to the decisions .
Now , we 're not <unk> <unk> , without these efforts , without embracing these positions , our accomplishments are going to mean very little .
We can make these little acts of bravery and hope that our decisions will come to the top , the people in the directors and producers of film and music , CEOs , CEOs , the legislators , the people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create a durable and significant change .
We can also affirm our feminism , good , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` Would you rather be a bad feminist , not to be a bad feminist . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say , above all , because the ancient voice was stolen to me , and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it the incident to address what happened .
And some kids would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
I was treated like nothing .
I started believing it was nothing .
I 'm going to tell my voice , and after I did n't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'd become a stronger version of myself .
The words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through the writing and of feminism , I also found that if I was a little brave , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to get anything .
And in the other , I argue the humbling reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I say and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we could all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little brave , when you need such a courage .
Right after the Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles had to visit Disneyland or to be exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that measles that may be fatal to a child with a weakened immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but a lot of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something was supposed to be supposedly wrong : autism .
But a moment , it was n't the article that unleashed the argument on autism and vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a willful fraud for the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't you believe the majority of intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is ?
I think most of you know , but millions of parents around the world are still to argue that vaccines will put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rising estimates of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism considered a very rare disease .
And the few psychologists and pediatricians that I 'd heard about it creating his professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continued to stable only three or four kids per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
billion-dollar fundraising agencies are routinely known as routinely as an epidemic as an epidemic , as if you could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people at the Center at the Center for Disease Control , what 's happening , they tend to be based on phrases like `` long-term diagnostic criteria , '' and `` a better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't dissipates much of a young mother 's fears of a young mother 's face , visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so warm at the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow progress and cautious about the science that with the <unk> of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to look like private worlds , bringing people around them , even their own parents .
You could have fun for hours by waving the hands of their faces , but they were prey to panic as when you put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
And for the 1950s , as the main authority of the world in the subject , I declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of its syndrome as you pick reference to <unk> of places as distant as South Africa .
This is actually no wonder , because the criteria for <unk> for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , let me give you that diagnosis of children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he became aware that he had become nine of every 10 kids taken by their office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
They invaded autism as a form of child psychosis by cold , cold parents .
These kids , he said , they 've been kept on a fridge that would n't afford .
At the same time , however , <unk> noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that they put together in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in your clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before I was two .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad opinion of these skills , claiming things like the kids were just looking at what they had heard of their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , turning into invisible to the world in general .
Amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the <unk> theory that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of <unk> mothers of <unk> was pretty stupid .
She and her husband John was warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called black-eyed Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like black-eyed Susie , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Health Service , that they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families , <unk> and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have done 30 years earlier .
They launched a study of prevalence of autism in the general population .
<unk> a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find the autistic children in the community .
What you saw was that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , whereas others were engaging in their fascination by astrophysics , in dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in cute , <unk> paintings , as he said Judith , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did no one notice these children before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in German in 1944 , the next year of <unk> , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article from the competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioning in his own work .
There was not even an English translation , but luckily , the husband 's husband was talking German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's , who ran an integrated clinic with a school school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's for teaching children with learning differences were destroyed even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started playing lessons with music , and kids follow their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's being described as a <unk> disability that required to support and <unk> spaces over the course of life .
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and he turned to help in the development of education methods that were especially right for them .
Basically , Asperger 's seen autism as a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuous archetypes in pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the tutoring teacher .
He was beyond even saying , that for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith discovered that <unk> was wrong in which autism was <unk> , so the parents were the ones .
Over the next few years , they worked on silence with the American Association , to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
In the late '80s , in the late '80s , their changes formed in force , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive model .
These changes did not fell into broken her .
By the time , when I was born and Judith worked in the back to reform these criteria , people all see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before I came out `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , only a small circle , <unk> by experts , knew what autism was , but after the unforgettable performance of <unk> Hoffman as Raymond <unk> and `` Rain Man '' -- with four awards of the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , the first easy clinical trials of using to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for their son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism consciousness .
The number of diagnostics began to rise , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact that this was , making the people with autism and their families finally get their support and services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnosis , and a simple , <unk> credible story as bad as the <unk> theory of autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the current prevention of the city in the United States are in the spectrum , it 's right , the autistic people are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to refuse the idea that these puzzles are by solving the new medical breakthroughs , the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think about terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , does n't mean that it 's broken .
According to the autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social sunflowers , and it suffers from a details of attention to the details .
Indeed , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger 's , which believed that the `` cure '' for the most autism aspects are in the understanding of the teachers , employers with ability , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to protect the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to waste or a brain .
Thank you .
